[me narrating a documentary about narrators] ""I can't hear what they're saying cuz I'm talking""
Telling my daughter garlic is good for you. Good immune system and keeps pests away.Ticks, mosquitos, vampires... men.
I've been going through a really rough period at work this week It's my own fault for swapping my tampax for sand paper.
If I could have dinner with anyone, dead or alive... ...I would choose alive. -B.J. Novak-
Two guys walk into a bar. The third guy ducks.
Why can't Barbie get pregnant? Because Ken comes in a different box. Heyooooooo
Why was the musician arrested? He got in treble.
Did you hear about the guy who blew his entire lottery winnings on a limousine? He had nothing left to chauffeur it.
What do you do if a bird shits on your car? Don't ask her out again.
He was a real gentlemen and always opened the fridge door for me
Telling my daugthers date that ""she has lice and its very contagious the closer you get to her."" *Correct way to parent.
What should you do before criticizing Pac-Man? WAKA WAKA WAKA mile in his shoes
What's the difference between an illegal Mexican and an autonomous robot...? Nothing... they were both made to steal American jobs.
What do you call a barbarian you can't see? an Invisigoth.
How do you spell Canda? C,eh,N,eh,D,eh
You ever notice that the most dangerous thing about marijuana is getting caught with it?
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say at the abortion clinic? Hasta last vista, baby.
My wife is in a bad mood. I think her boyfriend forgot their anniversary. Way to go, dude. Now we all suffer...
My speech today will be like a mini-skirt. Long enough to cover the essentials but short enough to hold your attention!
Thanksgiving joke What does Miley Cyrus eat for Thanksgiving? Twerky! Just kidding... Drugs. She eats drugs. -Adam Zopf @adamzopf
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? 'Cause they are freaking good at it
How did the blonde die raking leaves? She fell out of the tree.
""That guy is such a douche-bag! Is he single? Maybe I can fix him!""  women
My son just got a tattoo of a heart, a spade, a club, and a diamond, all without my permission. I guess I'll deal with him later.
What do you call a potato in space? Spudnik
How to get a cop's attention
What happens to a necrophiliac after death? Reserection
Why did the chicken hold a seance? To get to the other side.
Where do baby cows go to eat lunch? At the calf-eteria.
What's the difference between a painting and Jesus. You only require one nail to put up the painting.
Mom: ""Do you want this?"" Me: ""No."" Mom: ""Ok I'll give it to your brother."" Me: ""No I want it.""
How do you fit 4 gays on one barstool? Flip it over!
I am looking forward to 6pm Thanksgiving Day when Walmart opens its doors for its annual sale of trampled human corpses.
Yttrium-barium-copper oxide walks into a bar The bartender tells him, ""We don't serve superconductors here."" He leaves without resistance.
A guy pick up a woman Then he puts her down
Every night, I take all of the singles out of my wallet, spread them on the bed, and pretend I was pretty that day.
Which gospel contains Jesus' parable about the shades of numbers? Math hue.
Ibuprofen is my favorite headache medicine that also sounds like a reggae professor.
Ted Cruz getting elected.
Before I destroy a wasp's nest I like to capture a single wasp and tell it my entire diabolical plan.
What's Al-Qaeda's favorite American football team? The New York jets.
INTERVIEWER: Why do you want to work here? ME: *crumbs tumbling from my mouth* Oh, I don't. I was just walking by and saw you had donuts.
Coming on valentines day. Fifty shades of grey. There won't be a dry seat in the cinema.
Did you hear about the midget psychic who escaped from prison? He's a small medium at large.
Someone didnt click the button in /r/thebutton Yeah... Thats a good joke , he impossible!
What's the difference between a car tyre, and 365 condoms? One's a Goodyear, an the other's a great year.
Roses are red, Violets are blue. I have a gun. Get in the van.
I've struggled for years to be above the influence... But I've never been able to get that high
With Facebook, you can stay in touch with people you would otherwise never talk to, but that's only one of the many awful things about it
What's the difference between a blonde and a washer? When you dump your load in a washer, it doesn't follow you around for a week.
Have you ever heard of the movie ""Constipation""? No? Most likely because it never came out.
What's black, blue and doesn't look too well? Stevie Wonder
I saw a French rifle on eBay today It's never been fired but I heard it was dropped once.
What did the car said to the valet? I've been through a lot.
Bill Clinton must be the luckiest man in the world. All of the sex he has, with Hillary, you know it's hate sex.
yeah girl.. shake that thing where poop comes out of. it really turns me on when your poop factory shakes faster than usual
""I can't stand when people say they hate both of the presidential candidates."" --Stephen Hawking
A Mexican fireman had twin boys He named them Jose and Hose B
I was drinking at the bar, so I took a bus home. That may not be a big deal to you, but I've never driven a bus before!
Donald Trump will ban the sale of shredded cheese He wants to make America grate again
Things have really turned around for me since I re-named my penis and testicles ""JD Power and Associates"".
My sex face is the same as my first pee in three hours face.
My cat just walked by me carrying a toy mouse I don't remember buying her. Women be shoppin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why did the Xbox owner cross the road? To fuck your mom.
Sometimes you check the amount of subscribed people. When you do this, there are 4,111,093,0003.666 ""humorists"". 2/3rds of a person? Really?
I don't believe in Bigfoot
What did the porn actress say when she opened the door? Make sure to come upstairs.
I don't judge people based on color, race, religion, sexuality, or gender...I base it on whether or not they're an asshole.
Why were the baker's hands brown? Because he kneaded a poo.
Not to get too technical, but chemistry says alcohol IS a solution. So I win.
I often think if I'd taken a different path in life, I could be lying on a slightly more comfortable sofa right now.
I'm terrible at telling jokes... I always punch up the fuck lines
What did the hillbilly say to his sister after she asked him to have sex with her? If you incest.
""You know what, we need a huge spoon to take care of this"" -Guy who invented shovels
How to keep the flies off the bride at an Italian wedding Keep a bucket of shit next to her
What do grandparents smell like? ""Depends""
7% of all hearing loss is a result of sitting in a restaurant next to a table full of women who just received dessert.
What do people from the 1930's and /r/news jokes have in common? They're both old.
I like my slaves like I like my coffee Fair Trade.
ME: I fell off a 50 ft tall ladder once GIRL: holy cow how did you survive ME: I fell off the bottom rung
What do you call a blind dinosaur? A do-think-he-saurus :) !! Lol What do you call a blind dinosaurs dog? A do-you-think-he-saurus-rex
I just bought a very tiny amphibian for a pet. It's my-newt!
This may be not be a mainstream opinion, but I don't believe you should cut down a Christmas tree unless you intend on eating it.
Jenna Jameson to Oprah, ""There's a little bit of Jenna Jameson in everyone."" I'm pretty sure she got that backwards.
Even after 20 years, Jared Fogle is still getting into smaller and smaller jeans.
I have a degree in men's studies. It's called ""world history"". #TRUMP 2016! YOU CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP!
Why don't most fans like the first 39 episodes of DBZ? Its pretty gay, just Saiyan.
My ex-wife still misses me... But her aim is gettin better.
This doctor once told me eating a bagel was like eating 5 slices of bread and I was like ok, cool, I like bread
What do you call a three-humped camel? Pregnant (Told to me by one of the kids at work)
What did the two tampons say to each other? Nothing, they're both stuck-up cunts.
What do you call Jay-Z having a leg transplant? A hip-hop hip op.
What defies the law of gravity? Women. They heavier they are, the easier they are to pick up.
Everything has to be related in a woman: if the mouth shuts, the legs open.
Wanna hear a pun about long hair? Rapunzel.
""I'm so pissed I could punch a ba-"" ""A what?"" Big Baby from Toy Story 3 hovers over me, sawed-off shotgun in hand. ""A bagel. I HATE carbs.""
What's the difference Donald Trump and my Vagina? One's a Cunt and the other has nice hair.
My doctor had to put me on a new medication that's supposed to help lower the amount of karate in my blood
[uses the restroom] Wife: make sure to put the toilet seat down Me: okay Me: [to toilet seat] you're worthless and nobody likes you
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a supermarket trolley? A: The supermarket trolley has a mind of its own.
You know... When someone says to you ""Jesus loves you."" It's always comforting. Unless you are in a Mexican jail.
When I hear ""This call is being monitored for quality assurance"" I think ""Cool, let's see how bad this person wants their job.""
You know what the definition of ""competitive"" is? Finishing first *and* third in a circlejerk.
How do you know if your wine was made in the 90's? It smells like teen spirit.
What was the name of Paul Revere's favorite porno mag? The British are Coming
[car wreck] [hand reaches out] ""Take my hand. I'm Chad Kroeger from the popular band Nickelback."" [I let the flames slowly bake me alive]
Just waiting for Steve Harvey to come out and say it's actually Clinton any second now
Chicken Why did the chicken cross the road? Why? To go to the gay guys house Knock knock Who's there? The chicken
Teacher: Why do we put a hyphen in a bird-cage?  Pupil: For a parrot to perch on miss.
I visited Amsterdam this summer, and decided to have sex with a prostitute. It was an overall positive experience. Sadly, it was an HIV positive experience.
Yup. If pasta & antipasta ever touch, they annihilate. For your safety, that's why restaurants never serve them together.
Alcohol is like Lysol for feelings, it won't kill all of them.
When my wife takes a nap, it's ""desperately needed rest."" When I do, it's ""lazy chauvinist party-time.""
""Update the Force, young Skywalker"" Said Adobe Wan Kenobi.
lookin for a quick and easy way to beef up that scrawny bod and really turn some heads at the beach? float dead in a lake
TIL A ref can show a player the red card for a loud fart ... even if it isn't Messi.
What did the wise man say to the fat guy? You should probably go on a diet.
Who is better? The 3rd wave feminist or the pencil? The pencil is better. It has a point.
Guys, I think I found the Cure to Aids! It requires having a Magic Johnson.
Why do you call a Mexican midget a paragraph? ...because he's too short to be called an essay.
This morning I had a swollen testicle. ""I'd have simply preferred toast" I told my wife.
""What's that?"" A divorce jar. Every time we fight you put a dollar in and I'm a little bit closer to freedom. *puts in dollar* ""WTH!?!""
What do you call a blonde in a BMW? Optional.
If you have a parrot and you don't teach it to say"Help, they've turned me into a parrot."" you are wasting everybody's time.
My 8 y/o memorized my 12 character password that has upper and lowercase letters, numbers and symbols but can't remember to flush the toilet
What do you call a racist dog from Animal Crossing? KKK Slider
Me: waiter, do you have frog legs? Waiter: of course monsieur Me: good, hop over there and get me a beer
It's comforting to know that the US government works the same way as a college student when it comes to deadlines... They both wait until the last minute, then get an extension.
What did the man with The World's Largest Penis say when he had to have his legs amputated ""Don't worry, I still have my third one.""
What's the worse thing to do to a blind person? Leave a plunger in the toilet
When I was interviewed for a job in the chemistry department, they asked me if I had lab experience. I said I was more of a cat person.
There are two types of people in this world. And I hate them both.
I'd give these pigeons some bread but they'd probably just spend it on drugs.
Two skeptics walk into a bar.. I'd tell you what happens next but noone knows
Everytime you pull the trigger a bullet loses its job...HAHAHAHA! Because it gets FIRED. HAHAHA! *I'm in tears*
In China the labels read, ""Made by someone you know.""
It would be great to be born on Earth and die on Mars. Preferably not on the point of impact.
You could be a ""Before"" model.
Descartes walks into the bar. The bartender asks him, ""will you have your usual tonight?"" Rene replies ""I think not"" and he disappears.
Anyone want to hear my Human Centipede joke? Nah, I won't tell you it. It sucks ass.
My dog can predict when an earthquake is going to happen. But television doorbell versus actual doorbell baffles him every time.
My favorite knock knock joke. I need someone to start it ... Someone start the knock knock joke ...
My Parents asked me what i wanted for christmas... I said i want something to wear and something to play with. So they got me a pair of pants with the pockets cut out.
With 10K characters, I can finally get into great detail about how I'm not allowed at the company family picnic any more!
[at my funeral] So young, how did he die? He ran into oncoming traffic after walking past a group of adults saying the word ""bae""
Stealing my little brother's (fellow Redditor) original joke, hope he sees it and is pissed. What do you get when you cross a pig and a Christmas tree...? A Porky-Pine
What do you call a frisbee that's more than a friend? Frisbae
What does a sheep say after walking into a disgusting, dirty bar? Ew.
What's the best part of a pregnancy joke? The delivery.
I lost my virginity to a retarded girl last night. I wanted it to be special
What is the biggest compliment you can pay at a gay bar? Pushing in somebody's stool.
What is your best ""Yo mama"" joke?
What's a pirate's favourite type of weaponry? It's ARRRtillery! bonus: A pirate's favourite melee weapon? A scimitARRR
Hey, who did you vote for?... I wrote in Michael J. Fox. I think he can really shake things up!
I once had a crippiling masturbation addiction... ...now i have a sex addiction, could you say my addiction has gotten out of hand?
Do it tomorrow. You have made enough mistakes for today.
Why did the Mexican take his Xanax? For hispanic attacks.
*Guy tries giving me his phone number* Me: Oh no thank you. I already have one
I'm glad it's the thought that counts because I spend all day thinking about the shit I should be doing.
A man balks in a war He is discharged for dereliction of duty and takes up drinking.
Instead of calling them flyover states we should call them comments section.
A triangle exploded and a piece hit me. It was a 60-debris angle.
Yo mama so lazy she thinks a two-income  family is where yo daddy has two jobs.
Does a cow give milk? No, they have to take it from her
Breaking Bad is my favorite documentary about what it takes to be an entrepreneur while balancing family life.
My black cat just ate my four leaf clover. That can't be good.......
Why can't a bike stand on it's own? Because it is two tired.
What did the gay guy say to his lover when they were going on vacation? ""Hey, can you help me pack my shit?""
Coworker: Stop Me: collaborate and listen Coworker: Don't Me: you forget about me Coworker: Hey! Me: teacher, leave them kids alone
What's an extroverted accountant? One who looks at your shoes while he's talking to you instead of his  own.
Why are hillbilly murders hard to solve Because they all share the same DNA
My house is really small until I can't find my phone.
Dear President Obama, I've got a joke for you... I texted it to Angela Merkel. Did you... *get it*?
Sorry, but breaking up with you on facebook was the best way of letting all your friends know I'm available.
I don't understand women. I also don't understand how a car works but I still drive it.
What are the 3 stages of sex after marriage? Tri-weekly Try Weekly and Try Weakly
How do they calculate global warming? Al-gore-ythms
What happens when Turkeys get the common cold? They quit smoking.
The hands that help others in need are holier than the lips that pray.
What do gays and melons have in common? cantaloupe...
My girlfriend is great in bed... But I don't know how my best friend would know that.
What do you call a Jedi who worries about not making deadlines? Panickin' Skywalker.
Why did the composer go to the chiropractor? Because he had Bach problems
[Justice League HQ] SUPERMAN: Looks like Batman is hungry tonight MOTHMAN: [visibly sweating] I think I'll just fight daytime crimes
If we attacked Turkey from the rear... ...do you think Greece would help?
A sheep, a drum and a snake fall down a cliff badum tss
My favourite word is snigger It allows me to be sracist without speople sthinking I'm a sbad sperson
How do you hide an elephant in a fridge? You remove his slippers and open the door . You put him inside. You close the door and take the slippers away.
Pete and repeat are in a boat Pete and repeat are brothers. Pete falls overboard, who's left?
What do you call a green cow in a field? Invisibull.
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say to the gym manager when he was joining a new gym? I'll re-rack.
You're shoes are untied! April fools! Got ya!!
Right now a group of women at a baby shower are simultaneously saying, ""Awwww..."" while some knocked up chick holds up a tiny pair of socks.
Gentlemen test At least most tests have the decency to ask me my name, before they fuck me.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off.
I went in to hospital for an operation... I asked the anaesthetist if I could administer the needle myself, and he said: ""Sure, knock yourself out"".
A piece of shit walks into a bar It's my dad... My dad is a piece of shit.
What's a snakes favourite dance ? The mamba !
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off!
What is the last thing that tickle-me elmo gets before he leaves the factory? Two test tickles
What do you get when you cross a sheep stealer with royalty? Mutton Looter King
An Indian redditor gets an arranged marriage. He turns to his partner and says: ""Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!""
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes? ..........Nothing you've already told her twice!
I'd kill for a microwave that plays Europe's ""The Final Countdown"" during the last 30 seconds.
Did you hear about the skeleton who didn't go to prom? He had no body to go with.
What do you call it when a jugaloo sleeps with his girlfriend after a fight? Make up sex.
How does a baboon make phone calls? He just monkeys around on the line!
Kids are like farts. You don't mind your own, but others peoples are just unbearable
Over the past year, my sexual fetishes have been slowly getting more perverse. But it wasn't until I spanked a statue that I realised I'd hit rock bottom.
I milked the cow ""We don't have a cow"" the neighbors' cow then ""Their cat?"" Pretty sure it was a cow he was saying moo ""Meow"" Ah shoot
Dear Shirtless Guy in his Profile Pic, You REALLY want to impress girls? Get a job & pose in front of your cubicle.
The IRA have been fighting for Irish reunification since the 70s. . . All they needed to do was vote for the Conservatives.
How many Reddit admins does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they like to keep the mods in the dark.
Why is Chapstick so popular? Cause it's the balm baby!
What is the best advice to give a worm?  Sleep late.
If I was antisocial I wouldn't have just ordered a pizza over the phone.
What's a sluts favourite drink? 7 Up in Cider
Facebook buys Instagram for one billion?!? Idiots!! They could have downloaded it from the app store for .99 cents..
I may not be getting laid tonight, but I'm definitely banging my snooze button in the morning.
I want to make a series about the murder of an airline crew but I still have to shoot the pilot.
My friend always wanted to work in animation, but never got past the interview He just couldn't understand the difference between a professional ""colorist"" and a professional ""racist""
[sees a zebra for the first time] What's up with that horse? [sees a giraffe for the first time] Okay, what the hell is going on today?
so as I went in to vote this morning, an old lady told me to make sure I voted for the candidate that could make change. Boy, is my bank teller going to be surprised!
You're so fat and unfunny... that the only punchlines you have are stained on your shirt.
A kiss will make her day But anal will make her hole weak
Glue is weird it's all like hey I want to stick these pieces of paper together wait I have an idea hand me that dead horse
Why are women and children evacuated first in a disaster? So we can think about a solution in silence
Waiting for the day when a girl finally says that I'm ""the one" but isn't talking to a police officer.
Some people say Glenn Frey got pneumonia from the cold... But that can't be true because he said the Heat is On.
A duck walks up to a prostitute.... And says, ""put it on my bill""
What is the best part about having sex with 23 year olds? There's 20 of them. (Works better in person)
My love for you is like a fart. Everything about it is powered by my heart.
What did the Mexican gang member say when two large houses fell on him during an earthquake? Get off me, homes.
""You're a unit of power Joe."" ""I'm a Watt?""
I once bought an e. e. cummings poem collection.. It was the worst game of Mad Libs ever.
Why is it that the more numbers someone has in their e-mail address, the less I respect them?
What does the mayonnaise say to the refrigerator? Shut the door im dressing
My bank account status is more scary than the Conjuring!
If you ever need help learning C++, I can give you some pointers. And you can keep me as a reference.
What have you done wrong if the wife keep complaining when you try to watch TV in the living room? You made the chain too long in the kitchen.
A good rule of thumb is to never be in Liam Neeson's movie family.
If you pour two beers in one glass, it's just one beer.
Why was the baby ant so confused? Because all of his uncles were ants!
Don't buy whitening toothpaste It says guaranteed whiteness in 14 days. 15 days have come and gone... and I am still asian.
After the Thanksgiving dinner, everyone says (-1)/8
Simba - ""welcome to... The bone zone"" Nala - ""the what?"" Simba - ""elephant graveyard. I said elephant graveyard""
How are doctors so well tempered even under heavy stress? They have a lot of patients
I wonder if dog's had facebook, would they put our picture as their profile picture.
Why are Native Americans the most successfull strippers? Because when they dance, they make it rain.
My ex-girlfriend was a slut. She bust more nuts than a pistachio junkie. edit: Going through a potential breakup, so if you see this, this isnt about you, babe. Dont leave me, please.
Why Did the Ebola Patient Cross the Road? Trick question. There are no roads in Africa.
ME: Haha you can tell them any name and they have to say it BARISTA: I have a latte for ""A Person Who Deserves Love""? ME [crying]: Hahaha
Peter Pan escaped the adult world... ...by becoming an alcoholic. He goes by Peter the Panhandler now.
How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony? It's not hard
My Grandfather had the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
You just know I knew my girlfriend was furious when I blew my load early last night....I could see it in her eyes
FOR SALE: Faulty Guitar. No strings attached.
An atheist, a vegan, and a crossfit fanatic walk into a bar... Who talks more?
How is light beer like having sex in a canoe? They're both fucking close to water.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles. I'll see myself out.
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, agnostic and a dyslexic? Someone who stays up all night wondering if there is a Dog.
What do you call a number that won't sit still? A roamin' numeral. :P
Where do drinks go on vacation? Coaster Rica
I farted in the Apple store and everyone got pissed at me. Not my fault they don't have Windows.
I left Stephen Hawking like 8 voice mail messages before I realised he'd picked up every time.
My terrible Joke but I never forget it. A dyslexic man walked into a bra....
What type of school did Sherlock Holmes go to? Elementary :)
Believe it or not, my wife and I were actually matched on Tinder. We'd been married for 12 years.
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream. This kid working at Baskin Robbins is pretty scared. Now he's crying in the corner.
So a Trabi owner pulls up to a gas station... ...and says to the attendant: ""Two windscreen wipers for my Trabi please."" The attendant replies: ""That sounds like a good deal!""
How many police officers does it take to change a light bulb? None, because they'll just beat the room for being black!
Coffee so good it helps a little old lady cross the street.
Why did the semen cross the road? Because I put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
What did nazi pilots eat for breakfast? Luftwaffles
So a blind man walks into a bar He hurts himself pretty badly.
If you're not one of the first five boys in the yard, you almost never get a milkshake.
sometimes i visit websites that have videos of people making love
Why aren't Tyler Perry movies for the light-hearted? They're dark comedies.
Every woman I've ever been with only saw me the way they wanted to see me... ...in their rearview mirror.
How do you tell the circumference of a pecan Pecan pi
How do you figure out which contestant in a Ms. America pageant is a prostitute? Look for the one with the sash that says ""I da ho"".
Ethiopian Cuisine... is a bit bland. It tastes like nothing.
I love raccoons. Part cat. Part dog. Part rodent. Part bear. Little people hands. What's not to like?
[Google search history] Moles How to kill moles How to make homemade bombs Rescue moles from cave-in Dealing with regret Mole stew
A guy walks into a bar... Ouch.
Standing in the park, I was wondering why a Frisbee gets larger the closer it gets. And then it hit me.
When in doubt, just do the opposite of whatever the person wearing pajamas in public is doing.
[Ouija board] Spirits are you there? U R C U T E D O Y O U H A V E K I K *flips board*
Not being able to read because your book ran out of batteries is a pretty hilarious first-world problem.
My internet connection on my farm was be terrible until I moved the router in the horse barn. Now I have stable WiFi.
Putting captions in the wrong place You know what I hate the most...?
What does a sheep call a film it doesn't like? a baaahhhd movie. (   )
An irishman walks out of a bar...
Brexit There is a new slimming product in town. It is called Brexit. It'll help you lose a lot of pounds.
Orange Julius is the third best thing to happen to oranges behind mimosas and the ""orange you glad I didn't say banana"" knock knock joke
What is a bear's favourite drink ?  Koka-Koala !
Why do golfers wear 2 pairs of pants? Incase he gets a hole in one
How do you stop a baby from crawling in circles? Nail its other hand to the floor.
What is the favorite food joint of dubstep makers? Sub-WUB-WUB-WUB-way
Two fish are in a tank... One is driving, and the other is manning the guns.
Steve wrote home. 'I'm glad you named me  Steve' he said in the letter. 'Why?' asked his mother in her reply. 'Because that's what all the kids at camp call me' he wrote  back.
Do hamburgers make good vampires? No because they always find themselves in ghoulash situations!
Whilst at college I did experiment with marijuana. I did it in snow, I did it in sleet, but I did not in hail. ^-- ^Ed ^Byrne
I paid 10.50 for a movie ticket to watch Tom Cruise die continuously for 2 hours. I would have paid a hundred dollars to watch that.
A Spanish magician announced that for his final trick, he would vanish into thin air. He counted down: uno, dos, then POOF! He was gone, without a tres.
Is that mine? I was walking down the street when I saw black guy with a laptop. Is that mine? I thought. It looks exactly like mine... but that can't be... Mine should be at home cleaning my shoes.
A Bug's Mind What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when he crashes into a windshield? His asshole.
My mom recently bought a Jesus shaped flashlight When I asked her why she said: So whenever someone says ""I can't see"" I can be like ""here, let Jesus light the path""
Why is my Chinese girlfriend so bitchy? Well it's true, you are what you eat.
They just found a Black guy hanging from a tree with 79 stab wounds in Alabama.... The police say it's the worst case of suicide they've ever seen
Q: How many Kings of Spain does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Juan
Don't you just hate it when people answer their own questions? I do.
The hotel we stayed in for our holiday offered bed and board but it was impossible to say which was the bed and which was the board.
My new cooking show, ""Will Sasso Cooks With His Exposed Dick Really Close to the Food"" premieres tonight (8/7 Central) in my mind. Be there!
*nose hairs growing out of control *buys tiny scissors *jam them in the eyes of whoever I catch staring at my nose hairs
I'm trying to write a poem for my girlfriend, does anyone know what rhymes with threesome?
Pro tip: If a woman asks you how she looks, the correct answer is not ""like Dan Aykroyd.""
I complained to my wife that I was short staffed at work She responded ""yeah, and you have the same problem at home""
I overheard two female coworkers say there was a creepy dude listening to their conversation.
What do you call kangarooo jump and play hocky? the fam copter
What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun? Luke warm
What's black and white and red all over and can't get through a revolving door? A nun with a spear through her head.
What idiot called her a Hot Indian Girl and not a Bomb Bae
Ignorance is not bliss. It's just a fancy word for stupid.
What did the Marine Biologist say when he saw two eels making love? ""It's a Moray.""
I submitted 10 of my best puns to a Joke competition expecting at least 1 to win, but... No pun in ten did..
Shoutout to people who don't know what the opposite of in is. I'll give you some time for this one.
Did you guys know that water can talk? Water you talking about?
ME: all the King's horses and men couldn't put u back together HUMPTY DUMPTY: what now M: [opening package of bacon] I'll think of something
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw on a light bulb? TO GET TO THE OTHER SIDE!
If chopsticks were really better than a fork... ...wouldn't we be digging ditches with pool cues?
First woman on the moon W: Houston, we have a problem H: What is it? W: Nevermind its nothing H: What is the problem? W: Nothing... H: Tell us what the problem is! W: NO!
Thank god I have the newest, fastest iPhone so I can mindlessly check the same three apps 500 times a day.
Jared Fogle was guilty and got 16 years He was just grateful for anything under 18. Credit to SNL that joke might have converted me to watch.
What's an STD's favorite kind of pizza? Heperoni
This hating of people who breast feed in public places has to stop! I'll raise my dog however I like.
A woman's JJ sized breasts saved her life in a car accident. Those same breasts were the cause of her husbands death in a motorboating accident.
Recent studies show that 1 out of 3 Americans weigh as much as the other 2 put together.
[date gets back from the bathroom] those batman toys in the tub are so cute! How old are your kids? ""kids?""
I just Googled 'Nicolas Cage jokes' and it showed me a list of every film he's been in. Well played, Google.
I've been listening to the official workout station on Pandora for 3 months and I'm still fat, I'm calling bullshit.
I was going to break up a fight between two Rabbis... But they were just arguing semitics.
Pavlov's doorbell One tuesday afternoon Ivan Pavlov is reading the paper, when his neighbour rings the doorbell. Ivan jumps up out of his chair, suddenly remembering: ""Shit, I need to feed the dogs!""
What did one tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing they were both stuck up cunts.
HER: You look so nervous. ME: *nervously* HA. I'm never nervous. HER: You're sweating. ME: *just freaking out* That's bravery moisture.
When I was 8 years old, my dad got me with the worst dad joke ever. He said he was going to the store and would be back soon...
Do you hate yourself? Do you wish someone would trip you down stairs? Do you enjoy lacerations & and surprise vomit piles? *hands you a cat*
I found where my mom hid the scissors, so everyone in my house woke up with a new haircut this morning.
What do you call the retarded guy that follows the band around? The Drummer
What is the best thing about twenty six year olds? There are twenty of them
Why was there semen on the clean laundry? When Greg woke up, his mom had left a note reading, ""Please put a load in the washer""
What did the Mexican say when I pushed him on the lawn? Grassy Ass!
I once was bored so I decided to eat a clock to *pass the time*. It was very *time consuming*. Yuk yuk yuk yuk yuk
What do you call a grammatically incorrect horse? An horse.
Have you ever seen those ""Give a penny, take a penny"" things at convenience stores??? that makes no cents
Me: .... Dog: ... Me: .... Dog: ... Me: ... Dog: ... Me: .... Dog: ... Me: ... Dog: ... Me: ... Dog: have the shrooms kicked-in yet? Me: ..
I bet if I were a MAN Apple wouldn't tell me my password ideas are weak.
if people really didn't want to hear smartass responses they wouldn't keep asking questions like ""do you know why i pulled you over?""
I have this fun drinking game where you take a drink every time you'd like one because you're an adult and you can make decisions yourself.
I'm sorry, Black Lives Matter is actually a peaceful and forward thinking movement that our society needs... Now if you could all stop sending me death threats on twitter that would be great.
My girlfriend left me after I broke her wheelchair..... Oh,, I think she'll come crawling back soon..
Someone should invent a version of Twitter for people who spell things like rappers. They could call it ""twita"". Dat would b nize
NSFW Men are like a deck of cards... You need a heart to love him, a diamond to marry him, a club to smash his fucking face in and a spade to bury the bastard!
The Grapes of Wrath 2: The Raisins of Revenge
Yes, life is meaningless, but some of the food is decent.
""You know what."" -- They.
I don't like drive-thru's I think it's money out the window.
What do you call a Chinese conga line? A Chu Chu train
Why was pregnant Cinderella late to the ball? Miscarriage
THE HORROR! *splat THE TRAGEDY! *splat IT'S AWFUL! *splat SO MUCH BLOOD! *splat WHY IS THIS HAPPENING?! *splat -It's raining men.
What the quickest way to a mans heart? Though his chest with a knife
*watching Dateline* wow this is the worst dating show ever
Where do you find an enlightened mosquito? In Bhuddapest
Guy comes home with a flower bouquet... ""Guess I'll have to spread my legs now"", says the wife. ""Why? Don't you have a vase?"" the husband replies.
Two rabbits were being chased by a pack of wild dogs... One says to the other ""should we stop and outnumber them?"" ... &amp
I just got a new job at a gay magazine. I'm a poofreader.
No one is more unnecessarily confident than a white person that just ordered Mexican food in a Spanish accent.
If these walls could talk I'd fuckin' move out immediately.
What do you call it when two designers argue about what file type to export a graphic to? Getting into a bit of a .tiff!
A doctor reaches into his pocket and finds his rectal thermometer He says ""Shit, some asshole took my pen!""
how many people does it take to save the world? zero (compliments to my SO who thinks she made this up)
How do skeletons reproduce? They bone.
Finally got around to shaving my crotch after a few years. Its nice to see my knees again.
I'm ready for the cop-buddy film where they actually get along in the beginning but hate each other by the end.
How many people does it take to change a light bulb in Brazil? A Brazillion!!! http://imgur.com/c4CJjUd
How do you make an Amish woman happy? Three Men-A-Night
Letsh Have Shex! -Horny Sean Connery
If two people had a race and one had sand in his shoe but the other did not, who would win? The one with sand in his shoe -- if it was quicksand.
I know dream catchers don't work because I've never seen one in a car worth more than two thousand dollars.
Thankful that Five-Fingered Shoes company doesn't make pants.
When is a pedofiles favorite part of a hockey game? Before first period
What do you call a vegetable who has escaped prison? An escapea
At my last checkup the doctor said he needed a urine sample, a semen sample and a stool sample ... ... I said "" Doc, I can speed this along - I'll just leave you my underwear !""
[pulls out acoustic guitar at a funeral] alright everyone stop being all [finger quotes] sad this next 1 is dedicated to a very sexy widow.
If you do not say it, they can't repeat it.
Life is like art done in chalk, beautiful but temporary, enjoy it while possible.
If there are three gay guys in a bath and a lump of cum floats to the surface, what do they say? Who farted?
Why the gills in the sea don't drink tea even though there is plenty of water That will make them all guill tea!
Taking calculus has made me want to become Prime Minister of a European country Then I can just throw money at problems instead of trying to integrate them.
My friend used my todo list to roll a blunt He's high on my list of priorities
From now on when skinny girls say they're fat I'm just gonna be like, ""Yup"" & walk away.
What did the homeless person say to the gay job interviewer when asked for his address? No home-o.
How many people with dementia does it take to change a lightbulb? To get to the other side.
What type of fruit is not allowed to get married? Cantaloupe...
I like my women like I like my coffee... I don't fucking like coffee.
butts are truly the final frontier. to think we know more about SPACE than we do about the human butt. two fleshy mounds of mystery & wonder
I find like geologers make really good friends... ...they are very down to Earth.
I keep getting the urge to purchase a big white bear from the artic... ...Doc says I might have ""Buy Polar"" disorder! EDIT: arctic*
Heading to Chinatown after work... I heard it's Erection Day.
How do you get a gay man to fuck a woman? Shit in her cunt.
I want to start a coffee shop that only plays ambient/electronic music... and call it Brian Beano.
I like my girlfriend's new glow-in-the-dark braces... ...her smile really lights up the room now.
This bank pen tastes like it's been in a lot of other people's mouths
Redditors don't like this [Deleted]
Mom writes to her son in Poland's army: ""Dear Son, I am writing this letter ever so slowly..... ....because I know you cannot read fast""
Did you hear about the calendar thief? He got 12 months
The best thing about adolescent humor... is that it never gets old!
I hate how the losers of every election maintain such a high view of themselves... They're conceded
I didn't see mommy kiss Santa, but my sister saw her kiss the mailman, which explains why I'm the only one with brown eyes in the family
Why did the vampire attack the clown? He wanted the circus to be in his blood.
""It's 5 o'clock somewhere."" - a shitty watch.
How do I know when your sister's on her period..... Your dad's dick taste like blood
What do you call going Doctor to Doctor... What do you call going Doctor to Doctor to figure out what your inflammatory bowel disease is called? A Game of Crohn's.
What's the difference between a pizza and a black man? The pizza can feed a family of 4.
Knock knock. Who's there? Benjamin. Benjamin Who? Yes, Benjamin Netanya Who.
If you hear the words ""oh yeah, suck it"" coming from my bedroom, it's probably just me vacuuming.
A photon walks into a hotel The bell boy walks up and asks, ""Do you have any luggage?"". ""No" says the photon, ""I'm traveling light.""
If your'e anxious and you know it..... ...clasp your hands.
its macaroni and cheese not macaroni and steve
People always complain that I'm ""out there."" [On the phone. To the cops. While I'm sitting in their birdbath.]
*job interview* Why do you want to be a psychiatrist? *pictures clients acting like chickens after I click my fingers* I want to help people
Here's two short jokes and a long joke: joke. joke. joooooooke.
""911, what's your emergency?"" Me: A cute guy at the laundromat walked past me while I was folding my period underwear.
What do you call a relaxed redneck? A chillbilly.
Dog's Facebook status: Tried to save the master from the vacuum cleaner today... He just yelled at me.
Ever since the news came out about Samsung.... Their phones have been blowing up.
Osama Bn Laden Jokes in the title.
What is the term for a group of Canadians? Is it ""an apology""? ""Oh look, there goes an apology of Canadians""
Trump wants to appoint Ben Carson to the Department of Education, but I think he would do better in the FDA He can feed everyone with all of the grain in those pyramids.
Putting a woman on a $10 makes sense . . . . . . no one really wants a 1 or a 5. (As heard on Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me)
I always check my smoke alarms to make sure they're working. I call it ""cooking""
[wife looking at pictures of my dead body with police] ""why isn't he wearing a shirt"" we believe he removed it when he challenged the coyote
Put the punchline in the title. How do you piss off a redditor?
I just found out I am a hipster Because I started using #NotMyPresident 8 years ago.
What's the difference between a computer and a woman? A computer only has to have information punched into it once.
I just released my mixtape in Tianjin. It was da bomb. Too soon?
How to meet a girl: 1) Walk into a bar. 2) Shout ""Heroes in a half shell."" 3) When a girl yells back ""Turtle Power" marry her.
What's the sharpest thing in the word? A fart. It goes right through your pants and doesn't leave a hole.
*calls into work* ""yo boss i'm real sick"" ""you don't sound sick..."" ""ya, just got a new tribal tat & heelys"" ""wow u do sound hella sick""
I'm not saying that girl's a slut... But she has touched more wieners than Heinz ketchup.
A Kiss can make my whole day... But anal could make my hole weak
The best joke you'll never hear
how are a silver medalist and a priest alike They both came in a little behind
I wonder if a ghost has ever watched me masturbate.
S is my favorite letter because it changes biscuit to biscuits.
Saw a homeless guy babbling about conspiracy theories that doesn't really make sense... You could say it was a vague rant.
Blessed are those who are cracked, for they are the ones who let in the light!
Remember before Amazon reviews when you could just buy a toothbrush without 6 hours of research?
Don't judge me because I like 80's music. Judge me because I had a late term abortion because a baby would ruin my holiday plans.
When someone uses the bathroom and asks about the wine cork floating in the toilet is why I don't invite people to my house.
What's a con-artists favorite holiday? Scamentine's Day.
An infectious disease enters a bar... the bartender says"we dont serve your kind here"". The disease replies, ""well you're not a very good host!""
If four out of five people suffer from radiation poisoning... Does that mean the fifth one enjoys it?
Having the option to erase and re-record after having to leave a voicemail is one of my favorite things about life.
My neighbours are loud and obnoxious. Now I know how Canada feels.
Stealing mosquito repellent... Jacking Off!
What do you call a small, noisy dog? A subwoofer.
September is Alzheimer's Awareness month... remind me tomorrow.
Well it's like my dad always told me ""When life gives ya lemons"" Chances are you're in the fruit aisle.
What English King invented the fireplace ? Alfred the grate !
I just saw the Assassins Creed Movie Trailer... I did not expect The Spanish Inquisition.
Why do Canadians do it doggy style? So they can both watch the hockey game.
Dad and son A son asks his father ""Why does my bum hurt"" while the father replies ""Because I love you son""
Why does little sally have a limp? SHE WENT TO JARED!
A programmer began to cuss Because getting to sleep was a fuss. When laying in her bed Looping round in her head Was: while (!asleep()): sheep++
I see you've got your bill for using the Internet Yes and my dad's really going to get the hump!
When do you kick a midget in the balls? When he's standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice
Islam is a race. Because it's inbreeds fucking each other.
Why don't you want your nose to be 12 inches long? because then it would be a foot!
Political Joke The Economy
Keep in mind that ""The Cat in the Hat"" is a lesson to your kids on how to throw a house party when you're gone...
What's a lumberjack's favorite director? TimBuuurrrrrrrton
Why do midgets laugh when they run? Because the grass tickles their balls
When someone tells you to ""get a Life" just take theirs. They'll be happy you took their advice, and you'll be happy they're dead.
Day One, living in one of those tiny houses: ""Well, isn't this quaint?"" Day Two: Murder
How to get a job... Interviewer: ""What's your biggest weakness?"" Interviewee: ""I never learn from my mistakes"" Interviewer: ""Oh, why's that?"" Interviewee: ""I never make any""
I showed my son a floppy disk today... ...he said: 'oh cool, you 3D-printed a save icon'
What do golfers do on nights out? **par**ty.
How does an Australian clean is bum? Bidet, mate.
I feel quite light today. Pounds aren't what they used to be.
""Beat up anybody you see drinking 7UP"" -first rule of Sprite Club
Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity.
Yo mama... Yo mama is so poor, she can't even pay attention
Difference between priest and acne? What is the difference between a Catholic priest and acne? Acne waits until puberty to come on a kid's face.
Them: If you were stranded on a desert island with any two people, living or dead, who would they be? Me: Can they both be dead?
T Rex isnt so scary if you imagine a bunch of baby T Rexes watching Barney just giggling and rolling around on the ground playing with keys.
Since Michael Jackson's death hundreds of children have gathered at the gates of Neverland. Police have said that they will let them out once they find a locksmith. - http://ww.key-n-lock.com
Did you hear about the constipated dyslexic? He had trouble moving his elbows.
Why are mountains so funny? Because they are hill-areas
Why do gay men always have candles near their asses? So the gerbils can find their way out.
[At the coroners' to identify a body] Me: ""Yep. That's a body all right.""
What do Jesus and your mom have in common? They both got nailed all night.
How does J.G. Wentworth tell you that he's hungry? ""It's my tummy, and I feed it NOW!""
I can see you're upset. Maybe you should post more about it on Facebook. That should eliminate any more drama.
Dear lord, I thank you for these noodles I am about to eat. Ramen.
I have a pen..... I have a apple :D
I want a girlfriend with OCD, that way whenever I want to go home I can just say ""Are you sure you checked the stove before we left?""
Nothing good has ever gone into a microwave at 3:00am.
woke up just in time to push my cat off the bed before he threw up. today is going to be magical.
Just stirred my coffee with a fork if any of you guys are looking for a new bad boy to join your crew.
I was licking this girl all over her face right up until she explained to me what doggy style was.
What's the name of the best brewer in the world? Bock Goodale
If your tweet gets stolen and posted on Facebook... It's your own fault for not making it offensive enough!
To all the girls that say Gentlemen don't exist anymore: They do exist but Gentlemen are attracted to Ladies. Not s?uts.  Sorry.
Did you hear about the idiot who invented the one-piece jigsaw puzzle?
""Sugar"" is the only word in the English language where ""su-"" makes a ""sh"" sound. At least, I'm pretty sure...
A horse walks into the bar Several people left because they realised the possible dangers of that situation.
I've decided to make an all-natural shampoo made from roots found in Africa. I'll call it Ethnic Cleansing.
What's the integral of 1/(cabin)? 1 natural log cabin. I'll show myself out.
What's the only thing an Irish person can hold on to? A grudge.
A Midget Walked Past Me On The Sidewalk Today Wearing A Shirt That Said ""I Hate Black People"" ...I thought to myself ""Well damn- thats a little racist.
Nsfw Whats the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? The zit waits untill you're 12 to come onto your face.
True: If you don't eat a whole basket of tortilla chips before your entree arrives in a Mexican restaurant it means you don't love your mom.
What do you get if you cross Bossy with a vampire?  Dracowla!
A clown at the circus got tomato thrown at him from the audience, he turns and says HAY, THATS NOT FUNNY
Doctors have confirmed that masturbation is life threatening Many men have died after having a stroke
The Presidential Debate We don't know if Hillary is telling the truth, and we're hoping Trump isn't
What does a sheep in denial say? Nahhhh
Q. How did the blonde die  ice-fishing? A. She was run over by the zambonis machine.
I really like those Black and White movies where no one speaks Inter racial porn.
hey girl are you my ceiling fan because i'm pretty hot but also too lazy to get up and turn you on
Alien 1: What are the Humans doing? Alien 2: Celebrating the existence of their mothers. Alien 1: I ate my mother. Alien 2: As did I.
Remove all the poles if you don't want me stripping, Mr. Bus Driver.
What Did the Upvote whore say to the Redditor? I'll suck yo dick for a Upvote
Wiping your ass is a lot like a traffic light Red means stop.
I'm never more ruthless than when deciding who to wish a happy birthday to on Facebook and who to ignore.
""I'll be a dentist. Then they'll love me."" ""We're terrified of dentists."" ""I'll kill a lion!"" ""It was a beloved lion with a name."" ""Dammit.""
Just because I'm Irish doesn't mean I am always drunk. It means I always want to be.
Just once I'd like to wake up as eager to start the day as my p*nis is.
My friend asked me... My friend asked me if there was a colored printer in the library I said wtf man it's 2016 you can use whatever printer you want
Subway's Jared got famous for fitting into smaller pants... ...now he is known for hoping to get into really small pants.
Kissing a sleeping woman in an animated Disney movie, romantic.....but do it on a bus and the judge doesn't agree.
Why do melons always have big weddings? Because they can't elope.
What did Asian Jesus say before he was crucified? (OC) YORO (You only resurrect once)
What is the preferred coffee drink of people with alzheimer's? The Iforgotto
You can consider yourself lucky in life, if the cognac you drink is older than the woman that you're sleeping with.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a voluptuous lobster? One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean. :D edit: funnier when said aloud
I just got a job helping a one arm typist do capital letters... Its shift work.
I decided today that I want to have kids I hope they taste good
What do you call a group of chickens dressed up like crows? A murder most fowl. (I'll see myself out...)
Which nut could pimp the Prince of Darkness? Mack-a-Dameon.
Italians and Spaniards are so used to Catholic child abuse... ... That they call the Pope daddy
If you find yourself in a hole. Stop digging.
Tom got a backache from working as a seer. He's got the hunch.
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb? None. It's a hardware problem.
I love how fresh & clean my bathroom smells after I've killed a spider with a full bottle of windex
Guest: Why did you offer me a piece of candy? Hotel Clerk: You said you wanted the best suite in the hotel.
Daughter: Daddy, why do I have to go to bed so early? Me: Because we have had enough of you for today
Everyone in my class is arguing about science, And I'm just sitting here, maths debating.
A policeman sees two boys, one with batteries, the other with fireworks He charges the first boy and lets the other off.
The best way of saving money is to forget who  you borrowed it from.
I like my chicken how I like my babies Deep fried and delicious
I bet a heroin addict could find a needle in a haystack.
what did cinderella do when she got to the ball? gag...
I got in trouble for calling the rape hotline... Apparently it's only for ""victims"".
My daughter asked me how much longer until she can be a grown up and I said, ""no.""
I saw a sausage fly by my window I must be going insane it was actually a bird. I think I've taken a Tern for the Wurst
If Kevin Bacon never said ""want some bacon with your eggs"" to a lonely chick in a bar, life just doesn't make sense anymore.
""Hey, wanna hangout?"" ""Later."" ""Now?"" ""No, later"" ""How about now?"" ""Jesus christ."" -if Adobe Updater was your friend
Follow your dreams. Unless you're a narcoleptic who wants to be a limo driver. That's dangerous, dude.
What was Hitler's last two words? Oy Vey!
Republicans help the poor during the holidays by sending 50 one buck at a time to panhandlers on the  street.
I can't tell if Michael Cera is actually an actor, or just an awkward guy who keeps wandering onto film sets and does his best to fit in.
I had a blind date once, her name was ..::..::.:::::...:::::
How do you make Helen Keller cry? Turn the stool upside-down
Learning to love yourself is important. Just don't let your wife catch you doing it.
My life That's the joke.
Sometimes the smartest thing you can do, is play stupid.
Me: My weight is up. I really hate winter. Him: Don't be discouraged. You'll bounce back in spring once you shave your legs.
Me texting friend: Hey! What's up? Buddy: *sends picture of ceiling* Me: I am so glad I didn't ask ""how's it hanging""
I cheated a guy in poker so he burnt down my house. I guess you could say it was a conflagration
Two blonds are having a conversation. Two blonds are having a conversation when one says to the other ""I had sex with a brazilian last night"" The other blond replies ""WOW that's a lot of men""
Did u hear about the leper poker game? everyone threw their hands in
'I want to see other kids.' ~Me, parenting.
The nintendo 64 turned 18 last month Which means you can now legally blow the cartridges
They have arrived - Hia Dei Kum
Son: Are you eating pie for breakfast? Me (eating pie): No. Fruit casserole. Want some? Son: NO. I hate casserole. Me (whispers): I know...
Before I lose my phone, end up naked, high, drunk and/or possibly arrested, I would like to wish you all a Happy Friday.
My friend's a scientist and accidentally chilled his lab rat to absolute zero... At first the rat was just frozen, but he's 0K now.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef stroganoff.
""Some say I have a drinking problem"" *pours glass of water on lap*
Fun typo: ""You ate the most important thing in my life.""
A mushroom walks into a bar The bartender says: ""Get out of here! We don't serve your kind here."" The mushroom says: ""Why not man? I really am a FunGi.""
I voted for Jill Stein Finally I'm part of the 1%
Anyone got a 10 year old daughter I could introduce as mine? Stuck in an elaborate lie after putting my music on shuffle at a party.
What did the hamburger say when it pleaded 'not guilty'? I've been flamed!
Starbucks really isn't that expensive when compared to what Victoria's Secret charges per cup
What do you call little kids in Belgium? Brusselsprouts
They say love is worth more than money. But I'm pretty sure my landlord is gona want more than a hug.
I heard that Being the one to circumcise elephants doesn't pay too well But the tips are huge!!
Why does BuzzFeed skip every other number when counting? They literally can't even.
A Frenchman walks into a library and asks for a book on warfare. The librarian tells him he'll only lose it.
I held up a fist for a CW to bump and she kissed my ring. I am now drunk on power and no one is allowed to make eye contact.
you knew the backstreet boys were actually friends because when the one boy asks if hes ""sexual"" the rest of the boys all agree that he is
What's the difference between coriander and cumin? You can't coriander your pants.
Sex makes your day, but anal makes you hole weak..
A sadist and a masochist meet The masochist starts pleading, ""Hit me! Please hit me!"" The sadist looks at him, smiles, and calmly replies, ""No.""
Got disoriented and walked into the wrong classroom. Didn't want to look stupid so I just went ahead and switched majors.
Libertarian Presidential Candidate's new Campaign, inspired by Bernie Sanders. ""Feel the Johnson""
My wife urged me to be more experimental in the bedroom, but I guess she wasn't expecting I'd be dissecting so many white mice.
What did Spock find in the Enterprise Bathroom? The Captain's Log.
PSA: If you've got an Islamic dog... Muslim
How do you spot the blind man at the nudist beach? It's not hard
What did Jay say when Adnan opened the trunk? Hae girl Hae
ME: Is this Babies R Us CASHIER: Yes ME: No babies work here C: I know ME: It should be called Babies Were US C: ... ME: Get me your manager
A girl grabbed my cock and said, ""Wow! Your dick wouldn't make a very good clock."" ""Why?"" I asked, intrigued. ""Because I'd struggle to get a second hand on it" she replied.
Broken pencils... ...are pointless.
A man goes to the vet about his dog's fleas. The vet says: 'I'm sorry, I'll have to put this dog down.' The man is incredulous and asks why. The vet says: 'Because he's far too heavy.'
listen, officer - t h e o r e t i c a l l y - would I still get a carpool lane ticket if I have a body in the trunk
An apple a day keeps my fruit-picking business trapped in bankruptcy.
What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer? Comet! =D
Why do seagulls live by the sea? If they lived by the bay they'd be bagels.
When I lived on a houseboat I was seeing the girl next door, but eventually we drifted apart.
Donald Trump Does this count as putting the punchline in the title?
My grandma got her bathroom redone with this sparkly gold-specked tile and she just called it her ""golden shower"" so goodnight.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
Shout out to my self-aware friends, you know who you are
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet? Because they could spend years at C.
There's a 100% chance the Republicans will discuss Starbucks cups in a debate tonight, so remember that when they ask how they lost in 2016.
A man purchases a kitten, which he's having trouble house breaking. What does his friend say when he comes to visit? Your house is quite the cat-ass-trophy.
What do mutiny and an orgasm have in common? A sudden surge of seamen.
Why are normal human body temperatures around 98.7*F? Because we're all a little obtuse.
Communism jokes are not funny Unless everyone gets them
There are two types of people in life... Those who think there are two types of people in life and the rest.
Dear Religion, Pics or it didn't happen. Love, Science
My best friend and I were comparing our penises... for who has the biggest. It ended in a tie.
If Trump wins, I'm leaving the country, if Clinton wins I'm leaving the country Not a political post, I just love to travel
Why did the Storm Trooper decide to buy an Iphone? Because he couldn't find the Droid he was looking for.
What is the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
What's the hardest part about vaping? Telling your parents you're gay
When I say I'm gonna take a nap, it means I'm gonna go on my computer for three hours.
Ropin' and Ranchin' by Larry Yett
My brother told me this today. Malayasia flight 404 not found.
I get turned on whenever I eat greek dips... ...I think I'm a hummusexual.
What is Moby Dicks dad's name? Poppa Boner
I love watching two girls meet each other. It's easily the most fake thing I have ever seen.
Pokemon Go has really improved my life... I used to always get in trouble for playing with my balls outside.
I showed up at Disney headquarters uninvited I said I was there for a Rogue One cameo That's how I learned the security guards have Tasers
I like my women like I like my coffee... [Fill in the blank]
Who does the Metric Cult worship? ...Demetre.
Why did the Canadian cross the road? Because that's the direction his car was sliding.
What do you do when you find Michael J. Fox in your hot tub? .....Add your laundry.
Describe yourself in one word Bad at describing myself with one word.
Opinions are like Assholes... Everyone has one, and some just taste better than others.
I don't always tell mom jokes But when i do, she laughs
What do black men find most shocking about sex? Tazers
Impotence: Nature's way of saying, ""No hard feelings""
What do you call two gay Irishmen? Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael
Today I learned two things: 1. Build-A-Bear Workshop only lets you stuff fake animals 2. Mall security guards get to use real handcuffs
Why do elephants have 4 feet? Because in the animal kingdom 6 inches just wont do
A blind guy walks into a bar... ...then a table, then a chair, then another chair...
I bought a muzzle for my pet duck. Nothing flashy, but it fits the bill.
There are plenty of fish in the sea. Sometimes you just need a really big fishing rod.
Make sure you don't forget the 'R' when you're Googling, ""movies of Gary Oldman.""
If I had a penny for every Donald Trump joke, I would have a small loan of one million dollars
I like my steak like I like my women. White and domineering.
Retweet if you're naughty! Star if you love Jesus! Reply if you'd like to meet him!
Prostitutes hate trick-or-treaters.
Woke up this morning with a pillow over my face, hearing someone muttering ""...it would be so easy...""
When are they going to drug test the audience of ""The Price Is Right.""? No one should be that happy.
The definition of spin
How to get a Jewish girl's number? Roll up her sleeve...
Why doesn't Hitler go ski? Cause he's blown his fucking head.
What's the best kind of grass? Emo grass
Thought I could safely force a fart... But it backfired.
Why don't they have a WHITE history month?? Why don't they have NON-handicapped parking spaces? Why's there no cemetery for ALIVE people??
The Lord said unto John, ""Come forth and be awarded eternal life"" John came fifth and was awarded a toaster
Why does Anna's mom encourage her daughter to experiment with sexuality? Because she lives bicuriously through others .
Pretty busy at the gym this morning. I'm 6th in line for a selfie.
*at a pizza buffet in the Midwest* Me: excuse me, can you please make a vegetarian pizza? Him: Sure! What kind of meat do you want on that?
Jokers of Reddit, any good blonde jokes or punch lines out there?
How many portuguese people can fit on a scooter? A Brazilian
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
What is it called when you are on the edge of WiFi signal range? Router Limits!
What is Jeb Bush's campaign slogan? Third time's the charm
Year 2142: Meat eaters have died out. Vegans survive. 2143: Everyone is dead b/c the vegans couldn't tell anyone else that they were vegan.
My new years resolution is to have more sex! I Haven't told my cellmate yet though
Why do lawyer's suits never have pants pockets? Because their hands are always in someone else's!
Why does Helen Keller wear tight jeans? So people can read her lips.
Go to racist joke, what's yours? Two unemployed Irishmen walk past a police notice board with ""two black men wanted for rape"" first one says ""fucking niggers get all the best jobs""
If you believe the home alarm commercials, the first thing burglars do when they break into your home is smash your family pictures.
What do you call a midget with no teeth A gum job.
It's just sad how often I see zookeepers breaking their own 'Dont Feed the Animals' rule.
You really have to question the judgment of people who have children on purpose.
What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit the frog's finger
Why were there only 49 contestants in the National Ebonics Beauty Pageant? Nobody wanted to wear the sash that says ""Idaho"".
What do you call a bald porcupine? Pointless.
Scientists remain baffled as to why the people on the internet really like pictures of cats and cats doing things.
What do you do with old cannon balls ? Give them to elephants to use as marbles !
What did the two tampons have in common? They were both stuck up bitches
Why is Saturn like your balls?? Because it is in between jupeter an your anus.
FREE $1,000,000,000 IDEA: a Tumblr-type platform for list-making called Schindlr
My favorite kind of math is adding insult to injury.
I like Tuesday simply because it is literally the furthest from next Monday I can possibly be.
What's better than two roses on your piano? Tulips on your organ.
I tried googling Wiz Khalifa ... But all I found was MIa Khalifa peeing .
I am an expert at making balloon animals. May I interest you in a hyphen or a pickle?
What happened when the girl dressed as a spoon left the Halloween party ? No one moved. They couldn't stir without her.
What's the difference between wild Iranian Ossetra caviar and my penis? One is a delicacy (Deh-Lih-Cuh-See) and the other is a delicady (Deh-Lih-Cuh-Dee) Edit: The D
Who are the 3 most famous black women? 1. Oprah 2. Aunt Jamima 3. Motha Fucka
How do you disappoint a Redditor? [removed]
Why does Darkwing Duck wear a mask? You are a duck. No one could identify you without describing every other duck on earth.
A bird pooped on my head today...Am I gonna die? I mean, I'm kinda worried about getting sick from it but mostly I hope this made someone's day.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs, lying in a ditch? Phil
Get a big metal box, label it ""TIME CAPSULE"" and take a big dump in it so people know what 2011 was like.
I'm a terrible singer, I have two left throats
How do you spot two bffs in prison They finish each other's sentences
TIL I'm genetically predisposed to love heroin It's in my blood
What do you call an iPhone 6S that ran out memory space. Successful
Well, I had to break up with the baker i've been dating She was just too kneady
You can't keep eating people's lunches from the break room & blaming the Taliban. A lot of what you've been stealing is pork for one thing.
My wife says she's leaving me because of my obsession with karaoke. I said ""Fine, go on now go, walk out the door, just turn around now, because your not welcome anymore....""
What do Shakespearian Buddhists eat for breakfast? Om and cheese Hamlets.
Q. What does a woman's asshole do when she is having an orgasm? A. He is usually home with the kids!
What does a slave driver do with his slaves when he's bored? He racism.
The Donner Party Diet Breakfast: Jacks Lunch: Franks Dinner: Patties
What did the farmer say when the police found the gate from the public footpath in his barn and accused him of stealing? That's not my stile.
Now marriage can be between any two people who are misguided enough to start a life together in New Jersey.
A guy walks into a bar and says, ""I'm going to shoot whoever slept with my wife""! A man shouts from the back, ""You don't got enough bullets, bud""!
Sometimes I'm depressed and then a girl stars one of my tweets and it's like YAAAAYYYY NEW GIRLFRIEND!!!!!
Maybe if Red Bull gave me buffalo wings i'd give a shit.
The road to recovery from my addiction to sexual innuendos has been a long and hard one. But the end is in sight... I can see it coming.
Why is my Tetris highscore like my wife? I beat both of them for fun.
""Kids, grandma just had hip surgery so I need to warn you, she's not herself."" *grandma struts in wearing skinny jeans and smoking an E-cig*
What do you call a motorcycle gang made up of ancient bisexual Norse monarchs? The bikings.
They called their son Honest Abe, because he was honest. They called their daughter Bloody Mary...
Has this one ever been used? Why didn't the chicken cross the road? Because he was chicken. Alright.
How do you double the price of a Fiat? Fill the tank
Don't ask me for childcare advice unless you want nuggets of wisdom like ""always punch holes in the box so they can breathe.""
What do you call a bald porcupine? Pointless!
Why didn't the principal of the school for the blind allow his students to go duck-hunting? He knew that some of them wouldn't miss the blind ...
new iPhone 7 son: Daddy, buy me the new iPhone 7 Dad: What is the magic word? son: Natasha Dad: who is Natasha son: your lover Dad: do you need also a case?
What has 9 arms and sucks? Def Leppard!
Q: How many Honor Guards does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: 22 one to screw it in 21 to shoot the bulb.
Cute girl: omg I love this bread [At the next table] Jesus: [loudly, holding up a slice of bread] so this is my body
Did you hear about the Coldplay concert in China last weekend? It was all yellow.
What do you call a dumb elephant? Donald Trunk
What has 9 arms and sucks? Def Leppard.
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
A hawk snatched my gf's chihuahua today.. ..it got rid of that annoying bitch for me in one fowl swoop.
What do you call a witch who kills her mother and father? An orphan.
The people in this ad look 'indie' & remind me of myself. As a consumer this makes me feel good. Now I will purchase all their products
The first rule of procrastination club is: Google some weird shit then take a nap.
Don't touch my twat my itchy twitchy twat .... Miley Cyrus. Ba dum tish
When a woman says ""WHAT did you just say?"" say something different.
Sorry I pissed on the walls of your bathroom, but the flowery wall paper made me think I was outside.. Also you're out of Valium
How do two lawyers greet each other? With a firm handshake.
What do you call bacteria that can swim fast? Micro Phelps.
me: can i have a coke waiter: is Pepsi ok? me: ya pepsi's fine pepsi: i have a boyfriend
My girlfriend used to kiss me on the lips but It's all over now.
What do you use to cut the ocean? A  seasaw
NEVER date someone that works for your cell phone provider. You're welcome.
What do you call a black man who dies of heat exhaustion and a white guy that dies of a brain aneurysm? Different Strokes
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Funeral Home Barbie ...complete with hearse coffin and kicky little shroud
Girlfriend: Did you fix the dishwasher? Me: Yup *girlfriend opens dishwasher revealing a monkey covered in bubbles, holding a scrub brush*
Listen to your instincts. Your gut is always right. It may be a little bloated sometimes...but it's right.
I think r/jokes may be glitched Top of all time and new both show the same jokes
In Florida, a couple has been accused of making meth in a public library. Isn't that crazy? Florida has a library. -Conan Monologue June 12, 2014
I robbed a place with my boner and said it was a gun... I got a pretty STIFF punishment. I did HARD time. It was LONG sentence.
I repaired my drum set after my son broke it... ... ... Now he has to deal with the repercussions.
Pork is awesome, but it's best when used as a verb.
[Spelling Bee] -Your word is phlegm -Can you use it in a sentence? *loudly clears throat for 5 minutes*
COP: PUT YOUR HANDS UP OCTOPUS: They're tentacles COP: OK PUT ALL 8 TENTACLES UP OCTOPUS: Two are my legs, dude COP: Just go. I give up.
If you're reading this you're probably addicted to the internet. And by internet, I mean Facebook.
Hotel California is basically a negative Yelp review with a two minute guitar solo.
Did you hear about the Pirate suffering from scurvy? His attempts to cure it were *fruitless*.
What do you call an african american in a 3 piece suit? The defendant.
What do you call a German with a bad attitude? A sour Kraut.
Apparently when your boss asks if you're on drugs ""which drugs?"" isn't the appropriate response. I know this now.
I think it is wrong that the Bali 9 get a one minute silence I mean, they already got a 21 gun salute.
When I die, I want a disease named after me, with symptoms that include ""being fucking awesome at everything.""
''I want to ruin some songs today.'' -The producers of Glee every morning.
How do you know you sister is on her period? Dad's cock tastes like blood.
McDonald's french fries are not real food. Just found one under my car seat from two months ago and it looked perfect. Tasted fine, too.
The only thing better than sarcasm... is irony.
Ay' girl,is your dad a terrorist Cause you re da bomb
What is the greatest intermolecular force of all time? Dipole, dipole, dipole, dipole, and dipole!
Why does an elephant have 4 Feet? Because it would look ridiculous with 8 inches.
What's the difference between a midget and a venereal disease? One's a cunning runt and the other's a running cunt.
[dinner table] gfs dad: so what do you do for a living me: human trafficking *he chokes* gf: he's a crossing guard dad
What do you call a dog with short legs and steel balls? Sparky
What is nine inches long and keeps a woman up screaming all night? Sudden Infant Death Syndrome
My new bowflex comes tomorrow...so if anyone wants to buy a slightly used bowflex in a couple months let me know.
What's the best reason to date a pornstar? You never have to meet her father.
Judge: I sentence you to life in prison Defendant: NOOOO MY ONLINE PRESENCE
What does James Bond say after a heavy workout? I would like to have Whey. Shaken, not stirred.
Don't look out of the window Betty people will think it's Halloween.
I'm trying to explain Twitter to this cop. He still wants to know why I'm driving naked.
Why shouldn't you sleep with a weatherman? They'll promise 12 to 14 inches, but you'll only get 3 to 5.
Why did the feminist refuse to work at the post office? Because it was a mail dominated industry
Damn girl, are you a jar of pickles? Because I think I NEED to bang you on my kitchen counter.
Why did the Gorilla visit Italy? An advertisement's headline enticed him - See Ape-les and die!
What do you do with an elephant with three balls? Walk him and pitch to the rhino. For non-Americans, this is a baseball joke
One hair in my soup Waiter, I am outraged. There is one hair in my soup. - And what do you expect for this price? A whole wig?!
Your baby might be adorable, but so is my cat and she cleans her own butt.
What do elephants do in the evenings ? Watch elevision !
""Man, what's eating you today? *looks down* I Don't know.... GET IT OFF OF ME!!!
Student: Teacher, can I ask you a question? Teacher: You just did.
When Noah was loading the Ark, where did he put the bees? In the Ark-hives.
Star Wars (1977, PG) a group of terrorists enlist the aid of a drug smuggler and a religious fanatic to bomb the seat of governmental power.
H: You look nice. Me: I'm meeting one of my Twitter friends today. H: So you want your picture on the evening news to be a nice one? Me: Yep
What do you call an inspiring jerk session? A stroke of genius!
Did you hear about the man who choked on an issue of The Guardian after learning about his brothers passing? He found the news hard to swallow.
Sometimes I'll start talking to someone on the train, then go ""Oh, this is where I get off"" then close my eyes & stick my hand in my pants.
Could you kill a monster just by throwing eggs at him? Of course - he'd be eggs-terminated.
TIFU when I deleted my gym membership, hit my lawyer, &amp
What job do rabbits at hotels have?  Bellhop.
Person who fought in WWII hit with pepper spray... Now he is a seasoned veteran.
what is the best way to smuggle drugs? In your dogs asshole. Should there be border control frisking, it will be perceived as two dogs plain wolfing
Browsing this sub is like mining in a cave Full of bat shit and I mostly get the same things over again, but it's worth the occasional gold I find.
Velcro. What a rip off!
What did the snail say when he was riding on the back of the turtle? Weeeeeeeeee
What bees makes the best milk ? Boob-bees And also this is my first time using Reddit and my account is only 30 minutes old by the time of this post so I have no idea what I am doing
My son got me some very expensive cologne for Father's Day. I know it was very expensive because he used my credit card.
I work hard so my dog can have a better life.
My inspiration for jokes is like a guy at a brothel... It comes and goes... It also occasionally sucks 
What's a minister's favorite food? Tacos al pastor
How does a nihilist propose to his fiancee? ""Even though my existence is meaningless I want to spend the rest of it with you.""
What is the worse thing for a guy to say after sex? My name is Barry Allen
What's the difference between Jews and Santa? Santa goes down the chimney.
The other day, I was looking through my socks, when I found one had a hole in it... ""darn it..."" I muttered.
The pub manager is showing the new busboy around the kitchen, when they come to two doors. The busboy asks, ""Which one is the 'in' door?"" ""Let me show you"", says the manager, and 'e walks in.
Me: When I was lying in bed, I found this huge lump. I need it removed. Doctor: Ma'am, that's your husband. Me: And your point is...?
How can you tell Russians are bad at driving stick? cause their cars are always Stalin
I did a terrible job preparing for my Blue Man Group audition and boy is my face red
Why don't I take my guinea pigs on walksies It's hard on my cavies
Why can't you tell secrets in a corn field? ...because there are too many ears.
I lost my job at the hospital today for sexual assault.... It's not my fault that they put up a sign that said, 'stroke patients downstairs'.
CW: The boss said she wanted to see you. Me: That's flattering, but I don't date people from work.
I thought The Walking Dead was having a special tonight.... Turns out it was just The Rolling Stones performing at the 12/12/12 concert.
Fruit and urinal give a bad name to cakes everywhere.
A priest, a rabbi and a leprechaun walk into a bar. The leprechaun says, ""Bejesus, I'm in the wrong joke!""
How many Jews does it take to change Hitler's mind? None, there has to be no Jews.
Come on, there has got to be at least one business like show business.
That Hamburger Helper hand guy. There's a twin out there, right? Didn't go into showbiz. Maybe an accountant or something.
Two guys walk into a bar.. The third guy ducked.
""Your mission... Should you chose to accept it..."" *Go to a bar you Hate *Put $50 in the Jukebox *Play nothing but Nickelback *Leave
Q) How do you spot a happy motorcyclist in  fair weather? A) He's got bugs on his teeth.
According to my google history, I spent most of last night trying to buy a llama.
Pupil: My teacher was mad with me because I didn't know where the Rockies were. Mother: Well next time remember where you put things!
What do you call a hot day in Canada? A Nova Scorcha!
How many Freudians does it take to change a lightbulb. Two. One to hold the light bulb and the other to hold the penis. I mean mother. Shit, I mean ladder.
What did the old maid get the vasaline for? 84 cents. Joke by my grandfather
Teacher: How much is half of 8 Pupil: Up and down or across ? Teacher: What do you mean ? Pupil: Wellup and down makes a 3 or across the middle leaves a 0
I got asked how I view lesbian relationships.. Apparently HD wasn't the correct answer.
Why did Adele cross the road? She wanted to say hello from the other side. ^^^^^^hilarious ^^^^^^and ^^^^^^original ^^^^^^hahahahahahahahahelpme
What do you call a dead blonde in a closet? The winner of last year's hide &amp
What do you call children born of ginger people? Ginger-bred
If you crossed a cow with Michael Jackson what song would you get? ""Beeflt!""
How many McDonald's counter girls does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to change it and one to put some chips with it.
Imagine me naked. Wrong. Fatter.
ADHD is ADD in high definition.
The director of ""A Girl in the River"" went to high school with me in Karachi! She won an Oscar! This is not gonna help w my parents. #Oscars
What is a name for a female lawyer? Sue
I heard a guy at the beach screaming, ""HELP! SHARK! HELP!"" I just laughed. I knew that Shark wasn't going to help him.
What Is Bluetooth ? When your toothbrush stops working mid brushing
Why don't you see hippos hiding in trees? Because they're really good at it.
I bet a lot more people would read the Bible if it was called The Adventures of Jesus and Friends.
I have a split personality No he doesn't
Duck Dynasty guy is right-- if we baptize all those ISIS guys, Iraq will be safe because Christians never start wars for bullshit reasons.
What do people call their grandmother in India? Naana
I don't trust stairs They're always up to something...
The pope walks into a Mosque A Muslim looks up and asks ""Why the wrong faith?""
Twitter is working worse than a dollar store pregnancy test.
Why were they called the dark ages? Because there were so many knights! Credit: watching Mr. D on Netflix
Who is this ""one""? And why is he always arguing with people?
I had this problem where the cap wouldn't stay on my whiskey bottle. So I fixed it with scotch tape.
What's Miley Cyrus eating for Thanksgiving.. Twerky!
Prison counts as a gated community, right?
What Do you get when you cross a kangaroo and a Sheep? A WOOLY JUMPER :)
On your first day in jail, when they ask you what you're in there for, say ""the food"" so all the other prisoners know you're a loose cannon.
Farting is your ass referring to itself in the turd person.
What do you call a dinosaur that raps about life? A philosorapper
A blind dude walks into a bar. Ouch.
[breakfast table] Me: Who killed the entire box of Lucky Charms? 8: Not me 9: Not me CEREAL KILLER: Not me either
Remember when teachers asked to lie quietly with your head on your desk? My boss has yet to be impressed with this skill.
Normally I can't dance to save my life, but as soon as I step in dog shit, I can moonwalk better than Michael Jackson
Just Friends is my favorite movie that shows fat guys how to get out of the friendzone through perseverance and becoming Ryan Reynolds.
[school teacher job interview] Can I ask you some questions? I don't know CAN you? haha impressive [stands] welcome aboard!
The Philippines is the only country in the world who turns its flag upside down during times of war while French people remove the red and blue colour
I like cheese more than I like most people.
How many cats does it take for a woman to qualify as a ""crazy cat lady?"" None. Just a couple of youtube cat videos.
It's funny how liberals think Donald Trump oppresses women and hates gays Like he's a Muslim or something.
My wife is so moody at Christmas, I blame the festive period.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Alistair ! Alistair who ? Alistairs in this house are broken !
Interviewer: Where were you born? Me: Missouri. I: What state are you in now? M: Apathy. I: That's not what I meant. M: I don't care.
A pharmacy was just robbed. A pharmacy was just robbed $500,000. Security camera footage recorded the criminal taking 2 bottles of aspirin and a Zoloft.
Why do elephants have big flat feet? To stamp out flaming ducks.
What kind of cheese is made backwards? Edam.
What's the difference between Iceland and Ireland? A consonant.
What do toads drink ? Croaka-cola !
When I was younger, I was given a choice: a good memory or a long dong. I can't remember which I chose.
Arnold Schwarzenegger glancing up excitedly and then looking away disappointedly multiple times while watching the intro to ""Hey Arnold""
Ironically its exactly 12 steps from my car to the liquor store
This mallard waddled into a bar... Should've ducked.
Chicks with big tits always seem to say the right things.
[Touring Italy] Guide: Bathroom anyone? Me: I peed at the Tower of Pizza Guide: That's Pisa Me: Sorry. I took a pisa at the Tower of Pizza
Bough some shoes from my drug dealer. They were pretty nice
A pirate's walking down the beach.... ...when he comes across a little girl. The litter girl says, ""Hey Pirate! Where's your buccaneers??"" The pirate responds, ""tucked inside my buck'n hat!!""
What is the Pope's favorite type of woman? Nun
I used to think people who looked for sex on craigslist were rock bottom... Then I discovered twitter.
The Walking Dead Season Finale Check back in six months for the punchline.
Proper punctuation... Proper punctuation is the difference between ""helping your Uncle, Jack, off a horse"" and ""helping your uncle jack off a horse"" It's a classic, but a good one
can't now.. having an heated argument with my toaster.
""Why do white people like cheese so much?"" Because they're made from cultures! Edit: Five BLM members disliked this post.
Listen, I hate you... I'm just not... IN hate with you.
My grandfather's holocaust stories aren't half as depressing as the contestant interview segment on Jeopardy.
""That'll be $15.99 please"" ""Do you take giant revolving badgers?"" *cashier grabs me by the throat* ""We ONLY take giant revolving badgers""
Why does Mexico never get gold medals in olympics? Because all their swimmers, runners, and high jumpers are in USA.
What kind of headphones are sold in 50 shades of grey? Beats
Why did everyone bring a quiche to Sean Connery's party? It was leave your keys at the door.
How do you know when a mongol is level? He's drooling from both corners of his mouth.
Nothing is more frightening than accidentally making eye contact with a guy who runs a mall kiosk.
Wanna heare a joke about potassium? K
I showed up later to dinner yesterday because I was baking a turkey. I'm the turkey.     Il see myself to the kitchen table.
What do you get when you combine Avogadro's number of avocados? GuacaMole!
What do you call a computer that only plays sad songs? Adele
Why do scuba divers roll backwards out of the boat? Cause if they rolled forwards, they would still be in the boat.
Can I get a pina colada please. 'This is Starbucks' Sorry, can I have venti pina colada.
[Enter restaurant] WIFE: See if you can get us a table ME: Ok [1 minute later] ME: [sprinting towards wife, carrying table] START THE CAR
They're remaking Ocean's 11 with an all-female cast and it's gonna be called Ocean's 8 It's that damn wage gap I tell ya!
why did hitler commit suicide? Because he saw the gas bill (Thanks nofx)
A man caught me applying chap stick, so I just started eating it so it wouldn't be weird.
A job interview.  What's your worst quality?  Honesty.  Well, i don't think that honesty is a bad quality..  I don't give a fuck what you think.
Girlfriend: ""babe it's hot I need a fan"" [Boyfriend starts taking pictures with her and BEGGING for autographs]
H: Well, the remote was definitely broken, so I went and bought a new one. Me: H: Oh, and it came with this 75"" television.
The economy is so bad I went to buy a toaster and they gave me a bank.
I'll never forget the words of my late Grandfather... ""Sorry I'm late.""
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather... Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
This morning I went for a run and came back home after 2 mins because I forgot something... I forgot that I was fat and could only run for 2 mins.
Your mama so fat.. Her curve set everyone's grade to A+
I made a company that disguises land mines as prayer mats... Prophets are through the roof
Damn girl, are you a 48-pack of frozen corn dogs? Because I thought it would last forever.
Warning: Dead baby joke What's the difference between a dead baby and a rock. You can't fuck a rock.
Tea makes everything great,even meth. Cos without T,meth is just meh.
I can't believe I forgot to bring sunscreen to the beach.... ...boy was my face red.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
What did the lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire? Same time next month?
Dallas Black people: please be Muslim please be Muslim please be Muslim Muslim people: please be black please be black please be black
My Wife is refusing to fry any food and is insisting on eating healthier. She is turning into a Kitchen Nazi. She keeps sticking everything in the oven.
2 words can open up many doors in your life. Push and Pull
Why are most Muslims broke all the time? They never understood the concept of piggy banks.
Why should we call Indians Native Americans? Most of those ones over in Asia have never even been to the States.
Knock knock..Who's there?..Interrupting coefficient of friction.. The interrupting coeff--- MU!
I just got back from r/Synesthesia It tasted great!
Q: Why are elephants big, wrinkled, grey, and hairy? A: Because if they were small, smooth, white, and hairless, they'd be aspirin tablets!
I accidentally left a butt plug up her ass for 2 weeks... No shit
My ex broke up with me but left a bag of chips in my car. 3 weeks passed and I texted ""I still got your chips if you want them.""
When googling Gary Oldman I highly suggest not forgetting the ""R""
What do DNA and Diarrhea have in common? They both run in your jeans (genes)
Well I was going to donate blood today until.... the lady got all personal and started asking, ""Who's blood is this?"" and ""How did you get it?""
Colonel Mustard. In the kitchen. Eating soup. Calm down.
[at funeral] ""it was so sudden"" really? ""yeah right in the middle of rap battle"" I thought you said he died of dysentery TERRY: That's right
My wife's star sign was cancer and it's actually quite ironic how she died.. She was attacked by a crab.
I always eat at McDonald's when they do the Monopoly pieces. 1 in 4 wins obesity.
What did the pirates say who stole Kim Kardashians jewelry? We wanted her booty!
I bet the guy who invented fake dog shit was upset the name ""shampoo"" was taken
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? (Slightly NSFW) A lick-a-lot-a-puss.
I think I'm gonna make a bracelet that supports getting rid of bracelets that support stuff.
[around campfire] ME: *grabs guitar* Hey kids how about a song? KIDS: Yeah! ME: ok *clears throat* LET THE BODIES HIT THE FLOOR LET THE BODI
Luke, I am your father. Man you should see your face right now. It's all like waaaaaat no way.
Money is the root of all evil, until the collection plate comes around
how to get into shape: 1. punch a bear 2. run. this is your life now
A little boy with diarrhea tells his mom he needs Viagra. The mom asks, ""Why on earth do you need that?"" The little boy replies, ""isn't that what you give dad when HIS shit won't get hard?!""
What do you call someone who discriminates you for your oral hygiene? A dent*ist*.
Why do geologists perform so well during intercourse? They really know how to make bedrock.
Harry is a? Fucking WIZARD!
On TV shows, answering machines are actually saying leave a message after the fuck.
What do James Cameron and M. Night Shamylan have in common? Icy dead people.
""So, doctor, do I have cancer or not?"" ""Oh Jesus Christ, holy shit, tons of it" said the doctor to Martin Shkreli.
Billy Mays is in heaven now... Billy Mays is up in Heaven partying like it's $19.99.
Late to Fight Club Was late to my Fight Club last night so I missed the intro rules. I love Fight Club, I'd highly recommend Fight Club.
It's green but when you press a button it turns red. A frog in a blender.
Whats the difference between Santa Clause and me ? Santa Only Cums Once A Year
What do my wife and a chest freezer have in common? The exterior is hot, but its cold as ice inside.
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
I farted in a room full of hipsters.. then watched them fight over who heard it first.
I guess I prefer Subway because they make me feel like I'm making the healthy decision when I order a loaf of bread with 18 meatballs on it.
i'm the girl your mom warned you about... long nails, big eyes, purple tongue, green skin. i'm reptar. i'm reptar from rugrats.
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies!
What did the mermaid do last Saturday night? She went out with the tide.
Instead of sending friends Christmas cards, is it ok If I return the ones I got and just add the words ""Me too""?
The phrase 'lazy asshole' is an oxymoron... Because an asshole gets shit done.
What do vegetables watch when they're horny? Corn
I can't believe you ""accidentally"" let it slip into her butt! Dick move, asshole.
One of my favourite things is Pork Souvlaki on a Pita But it's hard to get the animal rights activists to stay still
New low: Looking in my purse and seeing my TV remote.
If she's naming your wedding album on facebook ""wEdDiNg dAy!!!!!"" she's too young for you bro.
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume? Because they are ugly and they smell.
Thought I saw a walking burrito but it was just a pug in a raincoat.
How are babies different from feminists? Babies grow up and stop crying.
What do you call a donkey that falls into a pile of sugar? A Sweet Ass (   )
Cops are looking for a man who robbed a store using scissors. They say the guy could be a real danger--unless you have a rock.
Can't believe my neighbors don't have any rum. How am I supposed to enjoy their hot tub while they're on vacation?
People who try to beat you when walking into a store. No.
I hate people who think it's cool to take drugs ...like customs officers
Why kind of cigarettes do Hawaiians smoke? Mahalo bro lights.
Stop leaving me messages. If I ever wanted to talk to you again, I wouldn't have borrowed all that money.
Me: *pouts at front facing camera* Front facing camera: I have a girlfriend.
Flavor Flav turns 51 today. He'll spend a quiet day at home, still resting up after a weekend of moving clocks forward.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles? Because his wife is dead.
Ate a salad for lunch so basically I didn't eat lunch.
I only date right handed women... Righty tighty, lefty loosey
What do you feed a disappearing cat? Evaporated milk
""This birthday cake certainly is crunchy.""  ""Maybe you should spit out the plate!""
Toilet stolen from police station Cops have nothing to go on.
In honour of Back To The Future, I just went back in time one hour. That's the joke.
How do you spot a blind man at a nudist colony? It's not hard.
[describing a chair] it's like a swing without all the drama
So, this baby seal walks into a club... [o(
The band The Doors have decided to change their name after the next member dies It's gonna be Three Doors Down.
How much does a corpse weigh? A skele-ton
I'm pretty sure I have all of those countless hours spent playing Tetris to thank for my mad dishwasher loading skills.
If you're behind someone at an ATM late night, let them know you're not a threat by giving them a gentle kiss on their  neck.
Kill me once, shame on me. Kill me twice, shaman you.
Chuck Norris never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear.
How does the moon cut his hair? 'Eclipse it Thought it was relevant to today's eclipse...
3 Old Women and a Flasher Three old women are sitting on a park bench when a man comes by and flashes them. Two of them have a stroke, and the third one couldn't reach.
Why did a man's pet vulture not make a sound for five years? It was stuffed.
I'm worried about my friend My friend has just be diagnosed as a Polaroid Schizophrenic. It developed quickly.
Is your refrigerator running? Because if it is, I might vote for it.
What do you call it when a Cat wins a Dogshow? Cat-has-trophy. Such punny. Much Cringe.
I dont care or think about the people in my past... there is some reason why they didn't make it to my future!
You know what jokes are the worst? Lesbian jokes. Those are for pussies.
I figure I must be Bi-sexual. I have sex twice a year.
What do we want? An end to auto-correct errors! When do we want it? Cow! Sow! Bow! Tow! Duck this!
Whats long, green, and smells like pork? Kermit's finger.
TOP TEN REASONS WHY BEER IS BETTER THAN RELIGION
Every time student loan rates double, the price of solo cups should get cut in half.
What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle? Beef Strokenoff
Did you hear about the magic tractor? It went down a hill and turned into a field
Why do Communists only drink coffee? Because proper tea is theft.
Man died after crushing against a mirror Witnesses said: ""he saw it coming""
How do you catch a unique rabbit? Unique up behind it
I've decided to fight my addiction I'm not posting on reddit until next year
I am sick and tired of women jokes!! period!
Apologies your honor [slides ventriloquist dummy back under my seat] I was told these proceedings were going to be televised.
I like asking girls if I can buy them a drink and when they say yes I yell ""YOU DON'T KNOW MY FINANCIAL SITUATION"" and run away.
People who say ""in and of itself"" are responsible for most of the trouble in the world.
I didn't know what to wear the the premature ejaculators meeting... So I just came in my pants.
My weather forecast is always ""room temperature.""
Another poor soul worked at a company making blankets. He lost his job when the company folded.
Funny that when a girl sleeps with a lot of guys she's considered a slut ... but when I do it I'm gay.
Did you know that men are more successful than women in committing suicides? Ladies, can you gals do anything right?
Of course he's going to get re-elected, because once you go Black...
Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough.
The last US election had a candidate called Mitt, a devout Catholic and a candidate called Newt, a serial adulterer. One was against same sex marriage and the other was against same marriage sex.
Made a hiking playlist earlier called trail mix It has a lot of eminem in it
How do you tell who the extroverted engineers are? They're the ones who look at YOUR shoes when they talk to you.
What do you call a tight asshole? a noose
Damn girl, are you a pig? Because your mother looks like a pig. Because you look damn hot bacon in the Sun. Because I want to stuff you like Thanksgiving dinner. . . . More suggestions appreciated
Insomnia causes questionable browser history.
Milk toast was probably named by same lazy guy that named the fireplace and waterfall.
If you want to set up and run a small company... ...that's your business
Everyone needs a three hour nap after their breakfast pizza, right?
I was sitting on the train this morning, and I saw a really sexy Thai girl I thought to myself, ""Please don't get an erection, please don't get an erection"", but she did.
My boyfriend and I are Cherokee Indians. He stood me up at our favorite restaurant last night... But it's OK. I don't think we could have stayed anyway, we didn't have a reservation.
How do you make Holy water? Boil the hell out of it.
I saw a tweet saying liberals should create their own Captain America. They did. In 1940.
My wife's credit card got stolen and she doesn't know how... I do, I've been praying for a financial miracle.
Why did the noodles go to rehab? To get yakisoba.
Hey dude! Would we be considered in-laws if I slept with your wife? No... we'd be even.
Since I started dating my girlfriend a year ago I became a millionaire! 6 months ago I was a billionaire :(
What does Lamar Odom have in common with a hooker? Excellent ball control.
How do you tell the difference between a meth head and a hillbilly? The meth head still has teeth.
I walked in on my wife singing the other day. Surprised, I said ""Oh, I thought you were the radio."" Flattered, she asked ""Did you come to listen?"" ""No" I replied, ""I came to turn it off.""
How does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
My girlfriend caught me cross-dressing So I packed up her clothes and left
So I'm still newish around here... What are the rules about Canadians? Does everybody get one? Do I get to choose? Where do I sign up?
I have a Victoria's Secret model's body!! (in my basement)
What do you call a slutty camera? A loose Canon.
What do you call the most successful vasectomist in American history? American Snipper
What do you call a bowl full of leaves and epileptics? Seizure Salad.
Instead of God, try worshipping a golf cart for a few years and see if it makes any difference.
I think the only thing a bike helmet protects you from is getting laid
What did Patrick Stewart say when he proposed to his wife? Engage.
Animals that lose their tails visit the retail store.
Whats the difference between a boy scout and a jew? The boy scout returns home from the camp.
A girl walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre... so he gives it to her
A wavy guitarist has a low self esteem He just wanted to B-flat
Tried to cash in on this kid joke thing. My daughter is a disappointment. Why did the skeleton cross the road? He didn't because he doesn't have skin and he just fell apart.
What happens when a Chinese man with a boner runs into a wall? He breaks his nose.
No thanks resolutions, if I wanted to be reminded of everything I didn't follow through on at the end of the year, I'd get married again.
Why does Germany have so many different kinds of bread? Well, we had to do something with the ovens.
Just finished painting my bedroom in under ten minutes using vinyl Surely that's some kind of record.
Q: How do spies send secret messages in a forest? A: By moss code.
What do you call a ghost with a broken leg? Hoblin Goblin.
Why was the detective excited when he found a thimble sized crown? He was looking for Finger Prince. (Say it out loud if you don't get it.)
Happy Greek Easter! Which Greek God loved to collect animals? Zoos
I blame 2 of my 3 DUIs on Jesus because I specifically told him to take the wheel
How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan Kenobi was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents.
I'm pretty sick right now. You could say I'm feeling like Charles Lindbergh... Because I got the flu
What did one sick casket say to the other sick casket? Is that you, coffin?
I think it's been enough time to warrant a Star Wars spoiler... Yoda is dead
In hell, the thermostat is guarded by a bunch of dads.
What's the Difference between like, love and showing off?? Spit, Swallow and Gargle
Obama says he supports gay marriage because his views have ""evolved."" Republicans unsure which half of the sentence to get more angry about.
Why don't black people listen to country music? Every time the hear the word hoedown they think their sister's been shot.
How many Freuds does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two. One to change the lightbulb and another to hold the penis. ... ... ... Er... I mean... The ladder.
have to stop saying ""how am i going to kill my way out of this one"" everytime there is trouble going on, or at least not out loud
What did the sign convention management do to the woman who kept pulling down their long signs? Banner.
What's the definition of a redneck virgin? A 7 year-old girl who can run faster than her brothers.
What did Mr. Freeze do with his wife on their first date? Netflix and chill.
do all girls make poopy? if they do, why do men get hard for them?
What do you call a black man who flies a plane? [2 part] A pilot, you racist. What do you call a Japanese man who flies a plane? A pirate.
Met a cute guy at the bar, gave him my number and told him to text me when he got home I guess he's homeless.
A spider the size of a golf ball is in my kitchen so I guess this is my last tweet.
someone using bare hands to put salad on a plate is letting you know they're not here for discussions about etiquette or anything really
whats the secret service of Australia called? M8
I loaned my cell phone to Bill Cosby Now I can't get it to wake up.
What does a pirate call his idiot son? A retarrrrrd
i'm a homewrecker in the sense that i got sick out both ends in the attic and it soaked through the ceiling in 3 different rooms
I just met someone who was a steam-roller operator. He was such a flatterer.
gave my wife a pedicure just so I could write in my diary ""I nailed her...10 TIMES IN A ROW"". Ha ha, jokes on you, Masculinity.
As a kid I was forced to walk the plank... We couldn't afford a dog
*experiences all five stages of grief while the waiter walks by my table with what I thought was my dinner*
I wonder if Asian people put smileys like this )
CNN: We're not sure but we'll report it anyway.
My laptop is so dumb. Every time it says ""Your password is incorrect"", I type in: ""incorrect"" and the silly thing still tells me the same thing.
You smell like trash..... Can I take you out?
Was gonna go to the gym but then I checked Twitter. In 2009
What's the difference between a plumber and a scientist? Pronounce this word: unionized
Why couldn't the chameleon change colors? He had a reptile dysfunction.
If women can do anything that men can do, then why haven't they ever suppressed an entire gender before? Its a joke lady's.
Just realized I follow Barack Obama and he follows me back. Excuse me while I send the leader of the free world a DM about Harry Potter.
I saw my first porn yesterday I was so young back then....
Never buying anything home-made on eBay again... I bought an 'Irony Detector' off of eBay, but it was broken. It detected everything *but* irony...
What's the difference between Indiana and Reddit? In Reddit, you get served no matter who you are.
Person one: Do you know that joke about the no and the me neither? Person 2: No? Person 1: Me Neither. Person 1: You didnt get it? Person 2: No Person 1: Me neither
Most people's religion or faith has a switch which they can conveniently switch on and off whenever it suits them.
How many South Americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb ?? A Brazilian
Leia: This is romantic Han: I know Chewie: Rwwar Leia: Does he have to be here? Han: It's a life debt. You're basically marrying us both
What`s the difference between chinese people and racism? Racism has many faces
How many Harvard students does it take to change a light bulb? One. He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
What do you call a baby seal between two slices of bread? A clubbed sandwich
I was dating an analog synthesizer But I had to break it off. She was just continuously variable.
What Cell Phone Company does Usain Bolt use? Sprint
In god we trust Everyone else must pay cash
Mick Jagger: Hey Keith, come hold my new baby. Keith holding baby, whispers to it: I'm going to out live you too.
My Wife asked me to stop singing Wonderwall... I said maybe..........
A little boy walked into a police station ""I lost my daddy"" says the boy. ""We'll look for him son, don't worry: what's he like?"" asked the officer. ""Liquor and women.""
Find someone who can make you happy, like a doctor or pharmacist....basically anyone who has access to mood-enhancing drugs.
Did you hear about the scarecrow who won a Nobel Prize? He's out standing in his field.
What kind of computer can sing? A Dell.
There are two hats on a hanger... The broken one says to the other: ""You go on a head...""
What's the key to long lasting Relationships? Not breaking up
Why did the vulture get kicked off the flight? He brought the wrong carrion.
What did the girl say when the Statue of Liberty sneezed? God bless America.
What does a man often wake with, but can never go to sleep with? An alarm, you pervert!
My clients have a 86% survival rate, which makes me an above-average babysitter.
What do you call an alligator detective wearing a waistcoat? An investigator.
I come from a family of failed magicians I have 2 half sisters
They say a woman's work is never done that's probably why they get paid less
What did the neckbeard say while giving the eulogy for his extremely flatulent friend? Rip in peace
""Here's your cup of Joe"" - Joe at the sperm bank
Listen, if you are going to someone's house for Thanksgiving, compliment their baseboards. That is what they are spending today cleaning.
I bet when Hugh Hefner dies no one will say ""He's in a better place now.""
What do you call a nomadic caveman? A meanderthal.
""I had the worst Cruise ever."" - Katie Holmes
Why do I tell jokes in elevators? Because they're funny on many levels.
Argument with a woman is like reading the Software License Agreement... . . . . . At the end, you ignore everything and click 'I agree'.
I want to study... the area below your curves... It is integral.
Two ducks are arguing in a bar about quantum physics... One turns to the other and says, 'Quark Quark' The other says, I'll have a Harvey Schrodinger, thanks'.
Even reddit goes down more often... than my girlfriend.
What's the difference between jam and jelly? I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
My main job as a husband is to taste things that my wife thinks taste like they've gone bad and tell her if they taste bad.
Two polar bears were sitting in a bathtub The first one says ""Give me the soap"". The second one says ""no soap. radio"".
How many Chuck Norris' does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, no light bulb dare go out in the presence of Chuck Norris.
My wife caught me masturbating to one of those magic eye pictures. I told her it's not what it looks like
Fifty Shades of Grey instills that if a dude is sexy and rich you should allow him contractual ownership of your body because helicopters.
Hi, my name's Ray. I'll be drawing your blood today as soon as I finish this Capri Sun. *misses hole 4 times then punches straw through bag*
Q: What is the blonde's chronic speech impediment? A: She can't say ""No"".
A Roman guy walks into a bar... He holds up two fingers and says ""Five beers please!""
TIL the musical group Ace of Base was killed in a horrific traffic accident after they missed their exit on the highway and crashed... Police later said, ""they didn't see the sign...""
damn girl, you got a butt that WON'T QUIT *butt pulls out a knife* wait, no- *butt stabs me* no, stop- *butt doesn't stop* ...et tu, bootay
The thing about boats... If we don't bow, everyone gets stern.
Urban Outfitters: the most expensive way to look poor.
Miss Universe pageant will be awesome when the sluts from other planets finally decide to show up.
Bet I could breathe more air than you, bro
My uncle performed circumcisions... He kept all the foreskin and had a tailor make it into a wallet. Rub it for 5 minutes and you get a briefcase.
I do not need to have a threesome... ... if I want to disappoint two people at once, I go to dinner with my parents.
Now that the Olympics are over, Michael Phelps can finally be released back to his natural habitat
Did you hear that the North American Man/Boy Love Association go a new tech support guy? He's an e-NAMBLA.
What did the cold pipe say to the to hot pipe? Nothing,pipes can't talk. Thank you
New TomTom voice over I got a new TomTom and changed his voice to Chewbacca. Left is BRRRRRRRRRRR and right is BRRRRRRRRRRR And when I'm at my distination : i still dont know
My friend showed me a black computer he wanted to buy... I said ""Dont you mean an African American computer?"" and he replied ""Stop being so PC""
I like my women like I like my M.C. Escher paintings Impossibly proportioned
Whats the difference between a BMW and a porcupine? On the porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
My friend got drunk and thinks he had sex with a prostitute... At first he wasn't sure, but then he was *positive*.
What's a pirate's favorite letter? You might think it's R but his first love will always be the C.
I work in a popular hotel... I see people come in to stay from all over the world, yet for some reason I've never seen a Native American here. I guess they just don't like to make reservations.
A mother called the police on her 6 month old baby for not taking a nap. He was resisting a rest.
What do you call a group of Japanese people running up a hill? Tsunami Warning
Dodged the bullet A girl asked me today if she is wearing too much make-up. I told her my reply depends on whether or not she intends to kill Batman.
For a very short period of time, you were the youngest person in the world. #mindblowing
What kind of pizzas can tell the future? Medium Pizzas
Whenever I put on my Ocean Pacific (op) pants I feel I must say something meaningful.
If looks could kill, I'd still use a baseball bat.
If you want to relate to how old people probably feel just imagine that a bowl of soup cost $40 and everybody else acted like that was fine.
Two Scotsmen walk past a baker One turns to the other and says 'Is that a cake or a meringue?' The other replies 'no you're right, it's a cake'
What's the difference between a normal pirate and a sexy pirate? The type of booty they plunder.
Doctor: *taps knee with mallet* feel that? Me: No Doctor: or this? *jabs toe with a pin* Me: Nah Doctor: Just as I suspected. This is my leg
All women are crazy but if you pretend to listen to them when they talk, they will let you live.
Why is Forrest Gump as a young boy without his leg braces like a Samurai without a master? Because everywhere he went, he was Ronin! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I'll see myself out...
what did the kiwi statue said to the other kiwi statue? statue bro?
turkey went out of the frying pan and into the fire only for Putin to put them in the oven
Why did the sperm cross the road? I put on the wrong sock this morning :(
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a light bulb? Whatever.
If I have 5 apples and Jamal take 3, what color is Jamal? Admit it, you're a fucking racist!
Tried to take a photograph of some fog Mist
If you don't pay your exorcist You get repossessed
Sex Joke So an egg walked up to a sperm and said, ""You cum here often.""
How long do you think it will take for gays to find out? That a gay marriage is as much an oxymoron as a gay funeral?
Football is like Sex your mom sucks at both
Patron: How come this fly is swimming in my soup? Waiter: I gave you too much. It should be wading.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? a PILOT, you fucking racist!
Single and divorced men in their 40's prefer women at their own maturity level. That explains why they date women half their age.
CNN got really excited about the #TransAsia plane until they found out it's not missing so now they don't care.
I see dead people. No wait, I take that back. I see people I want dead.
One woodworm met another. ""How's life?"" she  asked. ""Oh same as usual"" he replied ""boring.""
Some days I want to leave everything and just run away with him. Other days I want to own 3 baby dragons and be fireproof and naked.
I saw a chameleon today. I guess it was a pretty crappy chameleon.
What's that thing called when your crush likes you back? Oh yeah. Imagination.
What cars do wolves drive? Auuuuuuuuuuuuudis!
What to toilet paper and the starship enterprise have in common? They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons
The soul weighs 21 grams. We know this because the Jurassic World film reels are 21 grams lighter than Jurassic Park
South Africa
If the lever on your toaster breaks off and your bread starts burning, can you pry it out with a butter knife? The answer may shock you.
[commercial] [man comes home after long day, opens front door and is attacked by 8 cats] MAN: There has to be a better way! Narrator: DOGS
What's the alien version of Facebook? Spacebook. (It's a terrible joke I know).
4 out of 5 dentists agree: kill a lion.
Why are dogs bad at dancing? They have two left feet
There are few things more awkward on a blind date than looking up from your phone to realise she's left. She obviously wasn't blind at all.
What do you call rude fungi? Shiit-talking mushrooms
I don't know what disturbs me more about my attraction towards my girlfriends mother. The fact that she's 51 or the fact that she's also my mother.
Today is National Pasta Day I have a friend that would have loved today, but sadly she's pastaway
Difference Between Good Girls And Bad Girls Good Girls Open Few Buttons In Hot Atmosphere, But Bad Girls Open All Buttons To Make The Atmosphere Hot.
I ate the last piece of flan that my wife and I have been fighting over I won the custardy battle.
My entire day will be spent laughing at my children because they have to go back to school tomorrow..
I think my wife has a habit of walking in her sleep Every morning I find her sleeping in someone else's bed.
What is worse than biting through an apple, and finding a worm inside? ~~Rape~~ The picky fuckers on this website.
I couldn't afford to take my kids to Sea World. So I took them to our local fish market, saying, ""Shhhh... they're all asleep.""
[first date] Me: *don't let him know you're the Mona Lisa* Him: You look nice tonight Me: *smiles ambiguously*
Dear Lord, Thank you for these noodles I'm about to eat and the good deal I got buying them in bulk at Costco. RA-MEN!
What did the tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing, they were both stuck up bitches.
Did you hear the one about the perfume store? I heard their manufacturing was in an ol' factory.
Why do melons have traditional marriages? Because they cantaloupe
I was going to major in cosmetology.. ..but then they shut down the space program.. idiots.
I cant get on Tumblr anymore... My doctor told me to cut down on Trans-Fats
What does Mr. Miyagi do when he gets home from a date? He wax off
Apple CEO announces he's gay. Samsung CEO announces he's more gay and water resistant.
So I asked this swiss dude to tell me something good about living in Switzerland. ""Well"" he said ""the flag is a big plus!""
Simon: I wrote a song Garfunkel: *reads lyrics* Garfunkel: ""I am a rock. I am an island"" dude I'm like right here. I thought we were friends
What game do two strangers with Social Anxiety play? Don't Break the Ice
Why did the English majors switch to Spanish? (OC) Too many persuasive esses.
This year for Christmas.. This year for Christmas I got a new shirt and piece of ass from my wife. Figures, they were both too big!!
What's the Boogeyman's part-time job? BoogeyNAN!
reckon the clouds look down and say, ''look! that one is shaped like an idiot?''
What is the longest word in the feminist dictionary? Antidickstablishmentarianism.
The best part of the birthday notifier on Facebook is, I meet people that I didn't even know were on my friends list.
Why did the little Dutch boy have to register as a sex offender? He kept on sticking his finger in a tyke.
After my surgery, the doctor told me I have to pee sitting down. He told me not to lift anything that weighs more than 10 pounds.
My condolences for you and your family through this difficult transition is why my wife won't let me send back wedding RSVP cards.
Racism is a subjective matter there are no black and white solutions
""Only a good guy with a forest fire can prevent forest fires"" - Smokey the NRA Bear
A man walks into a bar... He asks the barman ""do you serve women here?"" The barman replies ""no, sorry, you'll have to bring your own.""
What do you call a powerful, asshole-ish potato? A dick-tater.
I said to my dyslexic mate, ""Guess which band has split up?"" He said, ""Erm...""
Cleaning out the garage, I found some things I didn't even realize I had. Like a tent, a new printer, and a fourth kid.
My penis is so polite..... .....it stands up to give ladies a place to sit down.
If Frieza is King Cold's son... Does that make him a little Cold?
Strip club[OC] So I'm at the strip club and this huge breasted woman comes up to me and slaps me silly with her left titty. Guy sitting next to me says"bet that's gonna leave a lasting mammary.""
Did you hear the one about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac? He stays up all night wondering if dog exists.
Don't cut out part of your day to throw out clocks! It's a waste of time!
I witnessed a murder today.. then I realized it was just a group of crows.
What's white and drips from the cloud? The coming of the Lord.
BUSINESS IDEA: CinnaBon-Iver. Delicious pastries filled with scarf scraps and broken pieces of wind chimes.
What do sea monsters eat for lunch? Fish and ships.
My girlfriend told me that having a good sense of humour is really important I told her to message the mods at /r/Jokes
Start with the answer. What's an easy way to ruin a good joke?
My life would be a lot easier if when shopping online there was a ""Sort by least ugly"" option.
My girlfriend called me a pedophile. I said, ""Wow, that's a pretty big word for a eight year old.""
Even the best men in the Chinese military Have chinks in their armor
What do you call a dumb nerd? A geek.
Confession: I'm the one who's been posting all those idiotic comments on youtube using millions of anonymous accounts.
Why aren't any atheists buying a PS4 Pro? They don't believe in higher power.
[mouse plane] mouse pilot: hello folks, this is your captain squeaking- *mouse passengers squeal with delight*
Whats the number one reason for Pedophilia? Sexy children.
If a white person eats a dessert and no one is around to Instagram it, did it even happen?
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes? Because he uses the finest ingredients, *asshole*.
HOT SINGLES NEAR YOU BURNING SINGLES NEAR YOU 1ST DEGREE BURNED SINGLES NEAR YOU DEAD SINGLES NEAR YOU WHY DIDN'T YOU HELP
Waiter is there soup on the menu ? No madam I wiped it off !
Please don't put a coin on my mouth when I die
You know you're too drunk to drive when... The tree you swerved for is actually the air-freshener.
Why are the labia on Japanese women oriented sideways instead of vertically? Goes better with their eyes.
When your 3yo spits a chewed up wad of cheese into your hand and you're like ""where did you find this, I didn't give you any cheese today?""
I See your 7 year old jokes and I raise my own, What do you get when you cross the ocean with a Train Station? A Whale Way
Why was the band late to their gig? Because the drummer locked himself in the car with the keys.
After a dream I had last night, credits rolled. I had no idea so many people worked on those things.
Cop: ""Can you describe the person who robbed you?"" Me: ""He had on a black shirt and hat with a green apron and charged me $6 for coffee""
A guy walked up to my bar. He said, ""Can I have a stiff drink?"" ""Of course" I replied, cracking some Viagra pills into his whiskey.
The new fun way to tell if a celebrity is crazy is by how many times they delete and reactivate their Twitter account.
remember: knives and alcohol don't mix. knives are solid they don't mix with anything. why where you trying to drink a knife anyways idiot
Tourist in America I was going to take my wife to visit all the sites where they protested the police shooting of innocent black men. But i've only got 6 months...plus community service.
Why do felines always win board games? Because they are cheetahs.
Q: Why couldn't the blonde write the number ELEVEN? A: Because she didn't know which one came first!
What did the sardine call the submarine ?  A can of people !
We could hit every terrorist on the Most Wanted List tomorrow, if we turned it over to Google's ad department.
A Jewish girl.. ..asks her father, ""Dad? Can I have 50 dollars?"" he says, ""40 dollars? What do you need 30 dollars for?""
Why does 71 like 68? Because 68 69 70.
It must be Monday somewhere.
Getting married at 22 sounds a lot like leaving a party at 9:30pm.
We're all born with scars. from the moment we open our eyes and look at the world we are wounded, we all share that same mark... Bellybuttons.
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb... It's quite an obscure number you probably would not have heard of it.
The world is becoming too politically correct You can't even say black paint anymore, instead you have to say ""Lamar can you please paint the fence"".
*pulls out earbud* What? ""We need to talk."" *pulls out earbud* ""You've been spending too much time at Chernobyl."" *pulls out earbud* No way
Barbie comes with GI Joe She only fakes it with Ken. Saw plenty of pregnant Barbie jokes in this sub-reddit, but not this one.
The economy is doing really bad... Its so bad that when Bill and Hillary Clinton travel, they have to share a room.
What's the smartest animal on the farm? The farmer (this killed my 12yo brothers)
Why don't north Koreans listen to funk? Cos they've got no Seoul! Thank you very much.
*LIGHTHOUSE* BATMAN - You call? L/HOUSE KEEPER - Shit, not again man. I am so sorry. BATMAN - Dead seagull on the light? LK -*Nods*
I don't care if you don't like space puns. I like space puns. Comet me bro.
What did one deer say to the other after leaving the bar? I can't believe you just blew 50 bucks in there
Tom Cruise Jokes, Anyone?
What do you call a nun sleep walking? A roamin' Catholic
How do mathematicians count x-men? Permutations.
My necrophiliac girlfriend told me I was dead to her. That is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.
How many egoists does it take to change a lightbulb? One. They simply hold the bulb and wait for the world to revolve around them.
I'm Winston Wolf, I fix problems. So I hear you're having a bad hair day.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? [NSFW] I wouldn't pay five hundred dollars to have a lentil on my face.
Monday Morning......Rolling out of bed is easy. Getting up off  the floor is another story.
What the hell is Minecraft? Hitler's lesser known, second, book about his love of knitting.
Why don't women need a watch? There's a clock on the stove.
My girlfriend is half my size but takes up three quarters of the bed. If my math is correct, she's a bitch
I like my women like I like my microwaves... Cold on the outside, warm on the inside, and willing and able to kill any baby I put inside them.
What did Kurt Kobain have such a terrible time in 7th grade? He was having a mid-life crisis.
8: Daddy can we go to a haunted house tonight? Me: You spent the night at Grandmas last week. 8: What? Me: Nothing. 8: I'm telling mom.
What do you call a dog that is a magician? A Labara Cadabarador
What do you get when you mix triangles with Tumblr? Trigger-Nometry
What has two eyes but can't see, two wings but can't fly, and two legs but can't walk? A dead bird.
What did one snowman say to the other snowman? I smell carrots too.
Oh, you want me to watch everything you have in less than the one-month free trial period? Challenge accepted, Netflix.
I think my professor might not know my name. He keeps on correcting it with the word ""Late"" on all my papers.
Cutest thing I saw today was the dad angrily slamming the sliding door of his minivan but it slowed down by itself and latched silently
I don't have a gf, but I do know a woman who in the car often asks where this is going so I show her the GPS & she gets mad for some reason.
it is hard to b scared of a angry person once u realize that they just wanted to tie a knot but insted of using string they used their arms
What sound does a Chinese roller coaster make as it goes up an incline? chink chink chink chink
*Sneaks into men's toilets* I HEAR THERE'S CAKE IN HERE
A teacher walks into a bar Guy: can I buy you a drink? Teacher: I don't know, CAN you?
When a cop pulls you over for a DUI at 2am on Friday night & tells you to walk the line-it's never good to start singing Johnny Cash songs.
A Latino shot an unarmed black man today, and everyone is in an uproar Especially the police, saying ""They took our jobs!""
[interview] Your resume says you have a ""take no prisoners attitude"". You know you are applying to be a corrections officer, right?
What do you call a handful of gravel A palm-o-granite!
Spider: Why don't you like us? Most us are harmless and we kill all the bugs in your house? We just want to help Humans: EW EW EW EW OMG
A barbed-wire tattoo on my arm keeps my arm horses from running away
Let's make fake tan orange people an official race so we can discriminate against them properly.
Why is there an eject button on the DVD remote? I still have to get up and take the disc out. It's like having a remote to open the fridge.
Why was the cat afraid of the tree? Because of the tree bark.
Have you seen www.quasimodo.com? I'm not sure but certainly rings a bell.
If I win this lottery I'd give half to charity She treated me well at the strip club
I invented a SJW alarm clock. It not only tells you the time, it reminds you what year it is, too.
A Zach Galifinakis-style ""impression"" joke. The character I'm working on is: MOMENTARILY CONFUSED BATMAN &lt
What's the difference between acetone and Hitler? One is used to remove the polish, and the other is used to remove the Polish.
If two pharaohs farted at the same time They would have a toot in common
How did the sad clown smile and laugh again? They told him his wife died recently.
Two cookies were walking across the road... ... one gets hit by a car, the other one says ""ah crumbs...""
What's the definition of a will? Come on guys it's a dead giveaway
What is the dumbest animal? An ignoraMOOSE
A woman in her seventies overhearing that I was a tattoo artist asked if I wanted to see her ""rat"" tattoo. I said sure. She revealed a bare hip and said ""Oh, I guess my pussy must have ate it""
Don't let them fool you. Squirrels are just rats dressed in Armani.
I'm in a band called Missing Cat. You've probably seen our posters.
That one. ""that one."" says a booy. ""what do you mean?"" says another boy. ""oh, i was just answering your question."" ""what question?"" ""i already told you.""
Are they ""haters"" or just ""people who noticed that you're a dick""? Check again.
What happens when you throw one banana to two hungry Apes? A banana split!
Need jokes with the same punchline as this. Help! What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick.
A grasshopper sits at the bar... ...and the bartender says, ""Hey, we have a drink named after you!"" The grasshopper says, ""You have a drink named Steve?""
Found out the difference between onions and men. I don't cry when I'm chopping up men.
You wanna hear a dirty joke A horse fell in the mud. And then some crazy lesbian who hates horses put on a strap on and fucked it till it died.
Energizer Bunny arrested: Charged with battery
People tell me that I'm condescending That means I talk down to people
I went to a fancy dress party as a calendar A guy came up to me and said ""Your days are numbered""
The Unabomber What do the Unabomber and a girl from Alabama have in common? They were both fingered by their brother.
Why did the emo kid leave the bar? It was happy hour.
Customer care: Your call is important to us, please hold on. Customer: *completes graduation* *gets a job* *gets married* *gets old* *dies*
""i want to love you, but i have crust issues."" -pizza on a date i dont know i hate myself
I took my family out to an authentic Vietnamese place. My wife and I had pho. The kids sewed Nikes for 14 hours and were beaten. Great pho.
We all have that funny voice we use when talking to dogs, babies... and idiots!
Hide a Body? What's the best place to hide a body? Page two of Google.
Just found all my fan letters to Wolverine my wife ""promised"" she mailed stuffed behind the couch. I'm livid.
A man got arrested for assaulting someone with a defibrillator. The victim said that he was gonna press charges.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles
Me: Take this My Uber passenger: *holds gun in blood soaked car* WTF JUS HAPPENED? Me: You tell me ""Mr Finger prints on a murder weapon""
Tater Tots is a much better name than the original Crispy Potato Embryos.
I can't believe that those two are still together after all that shit...
Have you ever smelled moth balls? Yes? How'd you get their little legs apart? (Courtesy of my dad. Who laughed about this for 30 minutes.)
I have a joke about couches But it's sofa-cking terrible. You don't want to hear it.
What's the deal with Drake, first he was an actor now a rapper? Must have been all degrassi was smoking. I'll let myself out.
After 10 missed calls in a row, I'm tempted to answer the phone just so I can find out who wants to be murdered.
My friend peed on the floor so he can come into my room. I looked over at him and told him ""You're in""
Why couldn't the boy keep his documents open when he left a window open in winter? Because it was too Win+D
Say what you want about pedophiles At least they go the speed limit in school zones..
Who was the greatest prostitute in history? Ms. Pacman, for 25 cents that b*tch swallowed balls till she died
I get my hair cut twice a week. Mostly because I love capes.
Why did the milking stool only have three legs? Because the cow has the udder
""And now it's time for Guess How Many Belly Rubs I Want! Remember, contestants, guess wrong and you get the claws!"" - Cat game shows
When accused by a woman a man's first instinct is to deny. We're not lying, we're just buying time to remember what you're talking about...
POLICE: Sir, do you know how fast you were going? ME: Jealous much?
I'm not saying your mom is fat but she'd be worth a lot more in the UK
one time I stuck my hand in a jar of jelly beans and when I took it out all the black one stole my rings and watch
Did you hear about the agnostic dyslexic? He wanders through life wondering if there is a dog
What do you call a 13 year old girl from Kentucky who can run faster than her six brothers? A virgin
When you play Monopoly with Chuck Norris, you do not pass go, and you do not collect two hundred dollars. You will be lucky if you make it out alive.
This generation sucks but does it swallow
What type of train gets fat? A chew chew train...
What do dyslexic Koreans eat? Gods
Good thing girls started uploading pictures next to a pool with the caption ""Summer is finally here!"" or we wouldn't have  known it's summer.
To spice things up in the bedroom, I have my wife dress up as a pizza boy. Then, I have her put the pizza on the counter and then leave.
I was walking in the desert and saw a redwood tree. I knew this must be a mirage, so I ran into it. To my dismay, the tree and I collided. I guess it must have been an obstacle illusion.
Did you hear about the guy that shits out jars? He's a real glasshole, that guy
What's the difference between a piano, a tuna fish, and a pot of glue? You can tuna piano, but you can't piano tuna. ... What about the pot of glue? I knew you'd get stuck.
What is Red and Smells like Blue Paint? Red Paint
Wanna hear a Joke about a Jump rope? Nah, let's just skip it.
Your selfie would be way better if you weren't in it.
My wife once told me that she ingested fecal matter while in the womb I like to give her crap about it.
Why did the junkie walk into the pet store? To buy some quack croakaine!
I got really hungry when we visited the Alpaca Farm, next time Alpaca lunch.
TIL unvaccinated children are less likely to be autistic Because they are more likely to be dead
If it walks like a duck and it looks like a duck, the chances are she's practising for her next selfie
*Passing the same coworker in the hallway more than once: Don't look at me, I already said ""Hi"" to you.
I met this amazing girl while speed dating. We stayed up all night and day just talking and giggling and I guess speed will do that to you.
What blood type does a man with bad spelling have? Typo
How do you know if an Italian person is mute? When you see he has no hands.
Congratulations, ""journalists"" who tell celebrity gossip for a living. I didn't know you could get a degree in teenage girl.
What did the cholo say when two houses fell on top of him? Get off me homes!
This hasn't helped my bull get any sleep at all. In fact, the closer I get to him with the bulldozer, the more agitated he gets.
For those who don't speak Spanish: ""Cinco de Mayo"" means ""hold the mayo.""
What's the difference between broccoli and a booger ? little kids won't eat broccoli .
if ignorance is bliss then racists must feel like they're always on heroin.
Why do black people have white palms? Everyone has a little good in them.
Sex is like a gas station..!! Sometime you get full service... Sometimes you gotta ask for service and sometimes you have to be happy with self service.!
*pulls back your shower curtain* What did you mean by ""creepy""
Did you hear about the new emo website? Check it out it's www.emo.com/wrists
why do scuba divers go in the water backwards? because if they go forward they would fall inside the boat.
How do you make a horomone? You don't pay her. (My mom is sick. Hilarious. But sick. )
Today i made a mistake while sewing. Oops, wrong thread.
What did the yogi say after riding his pet llama to the ashram? Llamaste.
What's the best part about a redneck family fight? The makeup sex
What does FIAT stand for? Fix It Again Tony
Girl are you a ringtone? Because you're really annoying and just get louder when I ignore you.
So I called my friend turkey and I said to him ""Turkey, la gente esta muy loca. What the cluck?""
I went to Oklahoma recently ,It was pretty ok
If you need your iPhone repaired in Jerusalem, you obviously go to the Genius Bar. There, they don't serve alcohol..., ....but there's plenty of Apple Jews.
What's the difference between my ex girlfriend and ebola? At least Ebola will finish me off
Just found out I'm willing to drive 40mph over the speed limit to prevent a PT Cruiser from passing me.
Recently joined the mile high club sandwich. That's when you have sex on a plane, and it's with a sandwich
""HULK WANT LOAN."" Bank: ""We can't loan to people like you."" ""GREEN SKIN PEOPLE??"" Bank: ""No, people who owe 2.6M in property damage.""
You know the world is corrupted.... When people buy the 2015 Macbook.
Playing dead in the supermarket to avoid having a conversation with someone you know attracts more attention than I anticipated...go figure.
What kind of dogs will patrol the Trump wall? Border Collies! I just came up with this after not sleeping for 30+ hours. Sorry for the cheesy goodness.
The scariest room in a haunted house would be filled with people you haven't seen since high school asking what you've been up to these days
Horses are very contrarian... No matter what you ask them, all they say is ""neigh.""
I just bough t a new pair of sunglasses... So anytime I make a bad pun, I'm gonna put them on and *puts on sunglasses* Look cool.
Children with gay fathers as parents, I seriously sympathize you all It's not easy growing up with twice the dad jokes.
It was fortunate that Hillary had a moderator Lester temper get out of hand.
Why do Native Americans wear jock straps? TOTEM POLE
wish I never spent that $20 my grandma gave me when I was 12, I could really use it right now
What did the Ice Cream say to the Birthday Girl? Go 'head girl, it's sherbert day
What's Hitlers favorite Pokemon? NEIN-Tails.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because I live across the street from a KFC.
Dear clear high heels, Thank you for helping me figure out who's a stripper and who's not.
Make it a Great Friday by not getting nailed to a cross.
netflix First comes netflix then comes chill next comes babby because mommy forgot the pill
What kind of doctor fixes broken websites? A URLologist.
My niece was fired from the chicken farm today She was caught poaching eggs
How do like really laid-back types answer the phone? Mellow.
I was going to grease my mechanic's hand with a $20 bill for the phenomenal job he did but ... he already overcharged me by $200.
Wanna meet Santa's little helper?
Did you know you are supposed to pull anal beads out slowly? I didn't... I started the wife up like a f*cking chainsaw.
[time traveler returns home to 1881] guys i forgot to grab the cure for malaria but here's some...DORITOS LOCOS TACOS [loud cheering]
What do a horny ornithologist and a Na'vi buff have in common? They both get turned on by blue tits.
What do you call a guy who is afraid of Santa? Claustrophobic!
A UDP packet walks into a I would tell you another UDP joke but you might not get it.
I like to keep my friends close, and my attractive friends even closer.
[NSFW] Why did the priest cum on the little boy's face twice? Because Jesus said to turn the other cheek
What's the difference? What's the difference between a midget acrobatic team and a girls track team? The midgets are a bunch of cunning runts.
""I just love a girl in uniform"" Appropriate on the battlefield, but not at your local schoolyard.
Why can't gay people drive while they're aroused? Because they can't think straight.
What do you call an orc's wolf with particularly short legs? A Worgi
If you see a glass as half empty, pour it into a smaller glass.
What animal do I respect most? The octopus. I have no idea what to do with my hands most of the time, and I only have two of them.
Canada is not a vast empty woodland. Our monetary system proves our civility. 5 beavers is worth a caribou 4 caribous are worth a loon And 2 loons are worth a polar bear.
We got a notice at work that a coyote had been spotted on the fitness trail, and I was, like, ""Good for him.""
Two space shuttle crews watched Felix Baumgartner and thought: ""WE COULD HAVE HAD PARACHUTES?""
Is it a blow job or a blowjob? Fuck I hate writing thank you cards...
Me: I'm having a problem with my computer: IT guy: Have you tried punching it? Me: That's the first thing I tried. I'm not an idiot.
Mary had a little lamb. ...and she was delicious!
I don't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.
Effective immediately, the navy is only conscripting non-swimmers. They defend the ships much more eagerly. Edit: an adverb.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to turkey!
What does one tampon say to the other? Nothing, they're both stuck up bitches
* Gets out of a 10 year old coma * Me: Where am I? Dad: GO ASK YOUR MOTHER!
technically speaking being gay used to make me happy
If George Washington were alive today... he'd be clawing at the inside of his coffin and screaming incoherently.
There was a kidnapping at school! It's ok though, he woke up.
Him: *down on one knee* Will you marry me? Me: Nah, I'm good, but... (puts up hand up to high five) thanks for asking!
What do you call a black lady having an abortion? A hero
Why are toblerones triangular prisms To fit in the box
Just made an annoying kid shut right up by making a throat slash gesture. So I guess you could say I'm like a child whisperer.
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and vagina? Only some of the things that come out of her vagina are retarded.
A racist man laments... If people gave him $1 for every racist thing he said or done he'd be able to make a small contribution of 1 million dollars to Donald Trump's campaign.
JOHN AND MARY'S SEX DISCOVERY
My dad told a lame joke today I told him to stop because he never makes funny jokes. His replay was - I made you didn't I?
Today a girl kissed me I just wish that I could post this in another subreddit :(
Two part joke Q. How does an elephant hide in an apple tree? A. He paints his balls red. Q. What's the loudest sound in Africa? A. Giraffes eating apples.
Do you know why god created leprosy? He needed someone to lend him a hand!
Back in college, I used to hang a sock on the doorknob when I wanted to signal my roommate that I had no idea how to fold laundry.
What did the testicle say to the other testicle? ""Between you and me, I think something's up."" I'm slightly tipsy, this is probably a terrible joke. Merry Christmas!
Don't forget to tell everyone how you love Fridays because we were all wondering how you feel about them.
""C'mon, your relationship isn't *that* serious."" - Las Vegas
Never been to the blindfold shooting range? You don't know what you're missing.
After watching ""Breaking Bad"" and the VMAs in the same night, I think I'd rather my kid be a meth dealer than a musician.
Who was the only president that was not guilty? Lincoln. He was in a cent.
In the news, two nuts walked through Central Park today... One was a salted.
Yo momma is so fat her butt is the butt of every joke.
What do you call a gay rubber band? An elasstickle
Knock knock. Who's there? Bob. Bob who? Bob Jones.
Upon graduation from the University of Phoenix, do they just send you a screencap of your degree?
Did you hear about the lumberjack who worked overtime? He logged a lot of hours.
I ate everything, including the H.
Boaz must've been one hell of a roaster before he got married. Because he was Ruthless.
Q: What is a 'forum'? A: Two-um plus two-um.
If my girlfriend has six oranges in one hand and seven apples in the other, what has she got? No chance of blocking an uppercut.
How do you start a teddy bear race ?  Ready teddy go !
[Gets shot by mugger] Girl walks by: omg are u ok? I'm dying [sees she isn't wearing a ring] I mean I'm fine but not as fine as you, sup?
What do you call a trespassing camper? Criminal intent
Why do legs have to be at least 25 inches long? They're over two feet
I met a guy recently who was a really good runner, but could only win races in wet weather. They call him the Raining Champion.
What do you call a sad terrorist? A crisis
My brother's so homophobic that if he dropped his keys in San Francisco he'd kick them to Oakland before bending over to pick them up.
Sandpaper I've been charged with murder for killing a man with sandpaper. Gosh, I only intended to rough him up a bit.
What's worse than your doctor telling you that you have gonorrhea? Getting the news from your dentist
*horse walks into a bar* *horse walks into a bar* *horse walks into a bar* *horse walks into an optometrist* Horse: Holy shit please help me
The Samsung Galaxy S6... The Samsung Galaxy S6 has a worse memory loss than your grandmother's Alzheimer [First joke, go easy, pretty please?]
What's so good about having sex with twenty one year olds? There's twenty of them.
I slept in my sons crib last night I wanted to see what all the fuss was about.
What's brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones.
How much pussy does a Monk get? Nun
What do you call a snail in the sea? A snailor.
Two cosplayers break up... When asked why, one said ""I don't know who he is anymore!""
Modern Warfare: a $700,000,000 dollar plane drops a $50,000 bomb on a $1.00 tent
Sometimes I can't tell if I'm looking at a captcha or a text from my mom.
I named my eraser Confidence... Because it gets smaller after every mistake I make.
Quitting smoking is really easy... I've done it like 100 times already
I can count on one hand the number of times I've visited Chernobyl... it's 14
At my house, it is customary for you to go back to yours as soon as possible.
What kind of robbery is not dangerous? A safe robbery.
What did the spy say at the glass beach? *The coast is clear*
My Wife made me choose between her, and my Love of Pointing out Doors ""If you want to leave"" I told her, ""There's the Door""
What do you call a virus that affects the command line? Terminal Illness
Me: So, you come here often? Him: .....we're in my house.
What do you call a twig that won't stop looking in the mirror? A narcissistick.
My phone got arrested today... It was charged with battery.
How do you make a plumber cry? Kill his entire family
Why do the french have so many civil wars? Because they like to win one every now and then
""What're you in for?"" ""I had a solid tweet *takes drag off cigarette* and no one faved it. I just lost it."" ""We've all been there, brother.""
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
Twitter is awesome. You can have a boyfriend right in your phone. Available at all times. Unless his wife's around.
The baby gets furious when I try to undress him. He gets that from his mother.
What word becomes shorter when you add two letters? Short.
What does a sick deception eat? A bowl of Chicken noodle coupe
 Is this the real life? Are you a manatee? Let's beat up french fries I should lay off the LSD 
I'm 49 and my girlfriend is 5 months pregnant! What do you guys think we should do?
Two Fish there was two fish in a tank and one of the fish said do you know how to drive this thing BECAUSE THE FISH ARE DRIVEING THE TANK IN A WAR
What do reindeer say before telling you a joke ? This one will sleigh you !
I am holding a pre-mature ejaculation club meeting next week Needless to say, You need to come early
Most of being a parent means saying ""Great!!"" when your kid insists you watch him perform an unidentifiable skill.
Why is milk so fast? Because it's pasteurized before you see it!
What happened to the trapeze artist that did drugs on the job? He got suspended.
If he can't build a wall, Trump is going to dig a giant hole at the border and cover it with a welcome mat like it's a Road Runner cartoon.
i once heard that in the old days, you received a last name based on your profession. if so, what the hell was John Hancock's career?
What's red and smells like blue paint? Red paint
How did the man find out his sister was actually his half-sister? He saw her penis
What's Scrooge's favourite food? A humbug'er.
What does a Cuban do when he gets a flat tire? Drowns.
Why do people always look so embarrassed walking down the street with a pizza box? Be proud man, you've got a pizza!
What do a dwarf and a midget have in common? Very little.
If you want to get your beer cold out in the wilds Look for the cool ants.
Out in public, my husband and I only argue using whale sounds, so it's actually a very calm and soothing experience for people around us.
Has anyone tried watering old people? Maybe they just need to be watered.
I always study the vagina before sex Because I like to know what I'm getting myself into
What's the difference between the ISIS headquarters and a kindergarten? I don't know, I just fly the drone.
Airline passenger fell asleep on my shoulder. It was already awkward so I just went ahead & braided her hair.
Adrian Veidt's wife walks into his bedroom and finds him with another woman. As she approaches him with angry tears, he says ""I did it 35 minutes ago.""
A: You look nice today, is that a new shirt and haircut? B: I masturbated yesterday, So I had to clean up afterwards. And one thing lead to another. Hair trimming included.
4-year-old: Tell me a scary story! Me: One time little people popped out of your mom and they never stopped asking questions. 4: Why?
What do you call a queue of boxers? A punchline.
I'll complain about the government invading my privacy after I tell you where I am on Facebook and posting what I'm eating on Instagram.
[A pair of crocs sitting on a riverbank] Why do you think people hate us so much? ""Idk. I blame the idiots who wear us with socks.""
I once tried to write a book about my thoughts But there's only so much you can put in a suicide note.
I'm 36 but have the body an 18-year-old The police are pretty upset about it.
What beer does Sean Connery drink? Grols
If Tom Brady joined Nickelback... They'd become 30 cents.
A Stormtrooper went golfing today He's still on the first hole.
I could be subtweeting my cat for all you know. Calm down.
Today my boss will learn that I am nowhere near mature enough to be left alone with a label maker.
What's the difference between a feminist and a dentist's drill? One causes a lot of pain and makes a constant high pitched whine. The other is a useful piece of medical equipment.
What game do old black people play? Blingo!
A boycott is just a smaller version of a manbed.
Making the arrangements for my wife's funeral is tough She keeps asking what I'm doing
I was on a date. ""How many ladies have you slept with?"" she said. I said, ""Do you want me to round it to the nearest 10?"" She raised her eyebrows and said, ""OK..."" I said, ""Zero.""
I think God created marriage so death wouldn't come as such a disappointment.
Can I tell you a joke? Your bum broke! hahaha! We loved this lame-ass joke as kids
I painted my PC black hoping it would run faster but now it doesn't work at all.
Whats the difference between jam and jelly? I can't jelly my dick down your throat.
My friend didn't understand my poorly timed holocaust joke. So he asks me, ""What's a holocaust?"" And I reply ""Oh, about eleven million""
.5% of life is spent with accidental throat bubble Kermit voice.
So all about these girls killing folks because of slenderman..... I guess you could say, they were a victim of anorexic culture
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? Because he had a hole in one.
Whenever I have a bad day,,, I just remind myself that there are people out there who have their ex's name tattooed on their body
All things in moderation. Unless no one's looking.
I still believe in love. But I also believe in sasquatch, nessy, and that I could win the lottery. So there's that....
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb? They don't, they just shoot the room for being black. I guess you could say that was dark humor? 
I'm in the middle of hanging myself. The suspense is killing me.
a dude sitting next to me in the ER asked how to spell ankle & then correctly identified Rush Hour by a scene without jchan or chris tucker
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean? [NSFW] You don't pay $200 to have a garbanzo on your face
Did you hear about the production delays at that company that makes scales using lengthy pipes? They had really long weights.
Are you Finished? [X-post from Funny] Its a joke/comic thing. This is it--&gt
Me: *Buys nutribullet* will this baby take down a vegan? Cashier: No, it's not an actual bu... Me: *loads nutrigun* Cashier: What the heck?
You hear the joke about the frenzied mob? It's a riot.
Why did Beethoven never answer the doorbell? They weren't invented yet.
What's brown and sticky? Anal.
Vegetarians live up to nine years longer. Nine horrible, tedious, meaningless, worthless, baconless, cheeseburgerless, meatless years.
My favorite book to read on the toilet is ""The Shining."" It scares the shit outta me.
A friend of ours is practicing baking apple pies. She brings them over to our house and later asks us how we liked it. I tell her ""You need more practice.""
Another ""Priceless"" joke. Vodka 19.99. Motel room 64.99. Condoms 9.99. Finding out she swallows and likes it in the ass? Priceless! Fuck Mastercard, it pays to Discover
I know a hooker downtown that charges by the inch. I can't afford her, but you probably could. *(one-liner from the old guy that delivers stock to my work.)*
How does Peter Pan fly? If someone hit you in the Peter with a Pan, you'd fly too.
What's the difference between David Blaine and the NRA? The former has a cunning array of stunts
People say there is power in numbers. Say that to 6 million jews. -Jimmy carr
Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? She ran away from the ball.
Heroin really messed up my household... All the spoons are missing.
What sits in the middle of the world wide web  ? A very very big spider !
What's long and hard on a black guy? The first grade
Who plays center forward for the vampire  football team? The ghoulscorer.
Why were the sneakers so sad? Because they had ten issues.
My nutritionist said that instead of eating three big cheeseburgers I should have multiple, smaller cheeseburgers throughout the day
My 4yr old daughter just charged me $47 for a fake cake she cooked in her pretend oven. I laughed. ... She stared at me until I paid her.
I weighed myself today, then I ate the scale.
What do you call a dead baby ,who fights crime? Miscarriage of Justice
'No you can't have cake! Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Here, eat this fried flour with butter and maple syrup.' -Moms
The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
I think the problem is that I'm 20% stud and 80% muffin.
They said ""orange is the new black""... ...but I didn't realise they meant Trump would replace Obama.
I have but one question Why did curiousity kill the cat?
Please make sure ""to"" put your air quotes around the right words
40% of North American teens can't even find ISIS on a map. Talk about ignorant
Hitting on women at this PTA meeting would probably be easier if I actually had a kid at this school.
A vegan, feminist, and a crossfitter walk into a bar... I know because they told everyone in twenty minutes.
Patron: This bread is stale. Waiter: It wasn't last week.
I once met a girl with twelve boobs. Sounds fake, dozen tit?
My new year's resolution is to stop procrastinating. . . I'm gonna start tomorrow
I bought some vinyl cleaner, just for the record.
The initials of the Sri Lankan players read like DOS commands. MKDIR, CHKDSK.
For an ""adult"" bookstore, this place has a LOT of picture books
TIL it costs more money to make a penny than how much it's worth That makes very little cents
I like my women like I like my programming languages. Visual and basic
My girlfriend said we should experiment more in the bedroom. This morning we synthesised a new protein chain.
What do you call a group of Mexicans smoking weed? Baked beans
Why does the corn get mad at the farmer? Because he is always pulling on his ears.
What's a toads favourite sweet ? Lollihops !
Confucius say . . . . Man who wrong on elevator, wrong on many levels.
How do you make rape funny? You force it
My wife was raped by a mime He preformed unspeakable acts on her
What will the ""Red Hot Chili Peppers"" become when they die? Ghost Peppers.
Dr: it looks like you've contracted sumatta Me: what is that? Dr: what is what? Me: sumatta Dr [grits teeth]: say it together
It was my son's birthday, so I took 4 of his mates for a burger and then bowling. They had a great time, he would have loved it
I used to have a phone with a really good user interface... ...but someone swiped it.
How do you drown a polar bear? Cut a hole in the ice. Put a line of peas around the hole. When the polar bear takes a pea, kick him in the ice hole.
Saw a girl with 12 nipples today. Sounds crazy, dozen tit?
People that say ""God never gives you more than you can handle"" never met my ex-girlfriend.
You know how when you're in high school and you get ""senioritis"" and your brain shuts down? When does it come back on?
I told a joke about noble gasses the other day. There was no reaction.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick!
Boy: Our Principal So Stupid Girl:Don't You Know Who i am? Boy: No Girl: I'm The Principal's Daughet. Boy: Do You Know Who i am? Boy: Good (Walks Away)
He used to be Hand Solo Then he gave Leia the D.
During the Vietnam War, Chuck Norris allowed himself to be captured. For torture, they made him eat his own entrails. He asked for seconds.
I'm not on the Atkins Diet. I'm on the Rowan Atkinson Diet... It's all BEANS!!
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick.
What is up with 1, 3, 5, 7, 9? ...I can't even...
What did one snowman say to the other snowman? ""Do you smell a carrot?""
The year is 2543. Beyblades are a form of currency. Everyone speaks in emoji. President Woof outlaws all cats. Madonna releases a new single
What do you call a psychic who simply doesn't care? Telapathy
Prince Charming: I will awaken her with love's sweet ki-- Sleeping Beauty: five more minutes
It doesn't matter if you're black or white. Unless my wife just gave birth to you.
your mama so fat she was going to walmart tripped over kmart and landed right on target!!!
Microsoft just announced they are changing the name of Xbox's Premier Multiplayer Service from Xbox Live to Xbox Dead...
Hope there is a particularly fiery spot in hell for anyone capable of losing a dog in an enclosed dog park.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the gay guys house. (awkward silence) knock knock. (who's there?) The chicken. Feel free to try on your friends, its a good laugh.
What so you call a religious dinosaur? A prayeradactyl.
Never understand when someone says, ""cats are snobby."" Like dogs are constantly inviting you & the kids over for burgers & a swim?
Dude... I was there, don't try to change the story.
Saying MILF... in an *incestous* family has a completely different meaning...
What do you call Trump and Hillary buried up to their necks in sand? Progress
I used to have some well constructed ass jokes But then I rectum.
On my latest trip through New England I was really impressed with New York City but Boston just blew me away
How does Satan measure his mass? In pentagrams.
If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito.
Yo mama is so stank... She has to put ice between her legs to keep the crabs fresh.
How are tornadoes and marriage alike? They both begin with a lot of sucking and blowing, and in the end you lose your house.
Why does the zoo only have dogs? Because they shot the gorilla
There are ten types of people in this world Those who understand binary and.. wait, shit
Girl On Fire by Alicia Keyes would be a great theme song for a Vagisil commercial!
What do you call a Jew with a pH lower than 7? ....hasidic I'll let myself out now. I know that was matzo good...
who says homosexuality isn't a decision? i turn women gay all the time.
I call my girlfriend Dumbledore. She's a head master.
Why do Chinese only care about themselves? Because they have no i's (plural of i). Edit: eyes. Eyes guys. It's a bad pun.
Does anyone know if ISIS is hiring? I heard they offer new hires a company cell phone and/or car.
What's the one public place that most people still support the separation of Colors and Whites? The laundromat.
What are some of your good 'fake names' Looking for some good joke names like: Mike Hunt Dixie Normous Ivana fukalot ect
A group of guys with ponytails is called a flock of Steven Seagulls
During fireworks is the best time to shoot someone.
I would help you carry some of those bushes... but I've already got two palms on my hands.
The next iPhone won't be a failure In fact, it'll be a huge 6S.
What do u call a greedy lesbian? Bush hog.
I have over 500 FB friends but only 6 actual friends. And, I don't even like 2 of them...
What time did Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon ? *...Tennish...*
Just overheard the phrase, ""pregnant with a baby" and secretly wondered what the other options were.
For someone who said ""Correct me if I'm wrong..."" you seemed genuinely surprised and upset when I did.
What did the New York Salmon say to the driver? I'm swimming here!
How much wood would Steve Winwood win if Steve Winwood could win wood?
Why couldn't the two melons get married? Because they cantaloupe!  I'll see myself out now...
So my friend told me I don't understand the meaning of irony... It was ironic because I was sitting on a park bench.
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
What did the man say while holding a square clock? I'm holding Time Square!
How can you tell when you are talking to an extroverted engineer? They look at your feet instead of theirs.
I walked into the boss's office and handed him a pear. ""What's this for?"" He asked. ""A pay rise."" I replied. ""My wife told me to grow it first and then ask you.""
So Lisa said she wanted to be friends with benefits Where's my dental plan, you slut? (source, college humor)
If you're reading this.. then you are not Floyd Mayweather.
My gassy dog might be the leader of Russia... ...because she is always Putin.
What's the worst part about necrophilia? When you get stiff before she does.
What do you call a bone that disrespects God? A Blasfemur
How I reacted to the Fine Bros controversy... [deleted]
What book do you like the most? Woman: ""My husband's checkbook.""
What's black and white and red all over? Michael Jackson, after the autopsy.
A battery's life sucks. You're either working or you're dead.
I have a joke about fat people with big butts... Butt weight... That's not fanny.
There's no harm in trying Unless you try to commit suicide,that will suck real bad
What do you call a body builder? Jim.
I just learned you need five sheep to make a sweater. I didn't know they knew how to knit.
I have a pill that helps you lose pounds fast its called the brexit pill
Forget hydrogen, you're my number one element.
Read more Ant jokes
A lady asked me where my adopted son came from and I said if she doesn't know by now where babies come from it's not my place to tell her
Why are seals such homebodies? Because clubbing isn't any fun.
I have one trophy on reddit. Dust
What do you call a fly with no wings? A walk... budumdum tssssss
Using a macbook is like making love to a woman There are so many things to do with your fingers, but none of them work.
[On stage at comedy club] ""Doritos: 11 chips per serving"" *audience erupts in laughter* ""Oreos: 3 cookies per serving"" *audience loses it*
What do you call someone who blows himself up by accident? An Errorist!
Police chief: So what do we know about the serial killer? Detective: He's white Other detective: A muscular build Me: He kills people
My cat is rubbing herself all over me because she wants me to stroke her. It's like she's a drunk version of me.
An alcoholic walks into a candy store... then a table, then a chair, floor.
Do you believe in love at first sight or do I have to walk by you again?
Short people are oppressed They're always getting overlooked.
Why don't little girls fart? Because they don't get an asshole until they get married.
I used to go to Weight Watchers to meet women [FIXED] Turns out they're way harder to pick up than I thought.
Why was the tampon flying down the school hallway? He was late for his next period.
Proper punctuation can be the difference between a tweet being well written and a tweet being well, written.
At which fast food restaurant is a hamburger happiest? Arthur Treacher's Fish and Chips!
What did the roadman say when he saw the Mona Lisa? That's a peng ting.
Hey Reddit, What are your favorite jokes?
How are a grenade and a girlfriend similar? If they're good ones, they'll both blow really well.
What do you get when you combine a black guy and an octopus? nobody knows actually but it will be perfect for picking cotton.
Who Wears The Old Clothes Of Angela Merkel? Angela Merkel.
I've decided to become a raw carnivore... I guess you can say I'm going cold turkey
I remember the last thing my granddad said before he kicked the bucket. I wonder how far I can kick this bucket?
What is a Freudian slip? When you say one thing but mean your mother.
Why did the chicken cross the road To get to the other side (   )
My wife came home with a duck under her arm... ""This is the pig I've been fucking"" she said ""That is a duck, not a pig"" I replied ""I'm not talking to you""
New Girlfriend (56) -- Postponed due to rain NOTICE: New Girlfriend (56) will be made up next Wednesday as part of a double header along with New Girlfriend (57).
My kids can't hear the dog barking for 15mins to come back inside but they can hear me bite into a Pop-Tart from 3 counties away.
My wife and I had a real Fairytale wedding. A wolf killed her grandma during the ceremony and then we ate stolen porridge from some bears.
A zombie apocalypse would be so much funnier if we started burying people in those fuzzy duck slippers that quack when you walk.
""If your father asks you to pick up 5 large bags of ice, the best place to put them is in the backyard in direct sun"" ~My son apparently
""I see people."" - The Fifth Sense
Orange Soda I've always dreamt of having a cock as long as a 2 litre bottle of orange soda, and just as wide. It's just Fanta-sea really
Optimus Prime: AUTOBOTS, ROLL OUT. Me: *walks downstairs* where the hell is my toaster and microwave?
There's a German shepherd next door who keeps burying under my fence and shitting in the flower bed His dog is just as bad
Thanks to my recent change to a healthier lifestyle, I am no longer fat and ugly Now I'm just ugly
What do you call the facility where they make lower quality, but still acceptable, goods? The satisfactory.
Hey, having a good conversation with the cashier? Great. Hurry the fuck up. We have lives, sort of.
If life gives you melons, You might be dyslexic!
I'd do anything to never be hungover again Except stop drinking
Never understood the point of black friday Could have sworn we already gave them a whole month
WHat's the worst part of being a black jew? You have to sit in the back of the gas chamber
How many Donald Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb? None, they've invented torches.
Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff? Tequillllaaaa
Your face... ...looks like it caught on fire and somebody tried to put it out with a hammer.
What if the missing plane is still up there? ""What?"" Did you check the sky? ""No."" See, this is why you'll never advance, Kevin.
They're upping my charges from prank bomb to non-Arab terrorism.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Ali ! Ali who ? Ali-luyah at last you've opened the door !
Boyfriend VS motorbike ufffff.  ""Full LOL joke"" Q: What is the difference between motorbike and boyfriend? A: Well, bike is first kicked than used and boyfriend is first used than kicked ZZZZ ... :)
Why was the snowman smiling? He saw the snowblower coming
Sometimes I spend so much time on Twitter in the bathroom that I actually pee twice.
Your mamas so skinny she swallowed a meatball n thought she was pregnant.
What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung! (Credit to the Pythons)
I just danced like no Juan was watching, but he totally was and he cut off the tequila then threw me out of his restaurant you guys.
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie from drowning? He was *too far out, maaan*.
Let me make an iphone joke Never mind, Ill just come up with a new one
A guy and his dog Guy walks up to his dog and says ""I need a divorce"" The dog replies ""yeah, my wife is a bitch too.""
How does a police officer go to the bathroom? Ctrl+C
that awkward moment when you stub your toe and accidentally summon the spirits of a thousand dead feet while you yell and curse
Once all serial killers decided to compete for the most kills It was a cut throat competition
Birds A duck walks into a restaurant. After eating a whole meal, he says to the waiter ""Just put is on my bill""
Heard about the statistician who liked to kick back with his feet in the oven and his head on a bucket of ice? On the average, he was quite comfortable.
Why was the programmer lonely? Off-by-one error. :(
Can you really take sticks and twigs and make them into clothing? Sew it wood seam
If you hold the ocean up to your ear, it sounds just like a sea shell.
A mathematician stumbles home drunk at 3 a.m. ...and his wife is livid. ""You SWORE that you'd be home by 11:45!"" ""No" slurs the mathematician... ""I said I'd be home by a quarter of 12.""
I always tell my kids to stay in school... but they keep fucking coming back.
Did you ""ask"" me or ""axe"" me? Because seriously...... one is murder.
A man submitted a joke about alligators with ED to a pun competition... But it caiman second.
What can blow your Mind? A Brain Prostitute! (Maybe a repost though I haven't seen it)
I disagree, but I respect your right to be stupid.!
What kind of dog chases anything red ? A bull dog !
I see from the Before and After pictures that not only did she lose weight using the product, it also gave her a tan, makeup, and a smile.
Reading a Chinese newspaper is like looking at 1,000 douchebag tattoos at once.
Ginger Ale tastes so much worse outside an airplane.
What do you call it when Wonder Woman does too many drugs? Heroine overdose
-What do you think I should buy, a cow or a bike? _You'd look pretty funny riding a cow...but you'd look much worst milking a bike
And I thought I had issues. - Me, 36 seconds after signing up on twitter.
Why did the spelling bee champ have to go to rehab? He was hooked on phonics.
""Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain."" - me, peeping at you in the shower
I'm obsessed with you. Not like peak through your window obsesseHEY I LIKE THAT DRESS WEAR THAT ONE
Whenever someone says ""you know who you are" I always wonder if it's me and I don't realize it.
Why did the lights go out? Because they liked each other.
The number one problem in the world today is apathy. But who cares?
I bet if a renaissance artist traveled through time to a modern museum, they'd be like: ""Uh-oh. Someone leaked my nudes.""
Why are spiders good swimmers ? They have webbed feet !
Where does the pervert keep the underwear he steals? In his briefcase!
I hate it when you have to be nice to someone you really want to throw a brick at.
Happy Groundhog Day everybody!!! So put your little hand in mine and there ain't no hill or mountain we can't climb...
Me: yeah was bingo the name of the dog or the farmer Professor: i meant questions about the exa- holy shit
I'm like a kid. People like me best when I'm quiet or sleeping.
My attorney likes to earn from my mistakes.
I don't get nervous if I'm surrounded by beautiful women. I know they're all too busy hating each other to notice me.
Just went to a dance for mentally handicapped people It was basically one big slow dance.
Mexican joke What do you call a Mexican without a car? Carlos
Why did the boat dock with the all of the other boats? Pier Pressure
I've heard they are re-casting Two and a Half Men with 5 midgets.
What do I call my dick? Steve Harvey because it's rising right now
Almost had a threeseom. All i needed was 2 more girls.
*sees a car with a ""how am i driving"" bumper sticker* *calls the phone number* ME: buddy i think it's with a steering wheel
Everybody knows that door handles spread disease but when I started a business to clean them and called it Knob Jobs all I got were creepy phone calls.
Wanna hear a joke about Kraft Macaroni and Cheese? I would tell you but its dangerously cheesy.
Parallel lines have so much in common, It's a shame they'll never meet.
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
LIFE HACK: Make your waist feel dramatically smaller by accidentally trying on maternity pants.
2 snowmen in field, one Turns to the other and says ""can you smell carrot?""
A guy tries to save someone's life... He goes to donate blood, but he decided not to. The doctor told him it would be in vein.
We got a tornado warning, and I'm too scared to open my windows. Don't want any sharks in my house.
Can Feburary March? No. But April May
What does the Pope use to dry his hands? Papal towels.
Do you know the difference between a cheeseburger and a blowjob? (No- what?) Want to get lunch sometime?
Saying 'I'm sorry' and 'I apologise' mean the same thing.. .. except when at a funeral.
Sometimes I do things to children that they're too young to understand... ...such as teaching them calculus and microbiology.
A builder came up to me. He said, ""Do you know how to make a fruit stand?"" ""Yes" I said. ""You just have to balance it on a flat surface.""
You could make dinner for a toddler, or you could just cut out the middle man & throw away a plate of food and squirt ketchup on the dog.
What day do most mothers give birth? Labor day.
How do rhinos like their eggs? Poached.
Amy Winehouse's final album was ""recorded before her death."" Thanks for the clarification.
I have so much pubic hair I can start a cattle ranch
COP: ""Sir, do you know why I pulled you over?"" ME: ""It was way easier than solving a murder?""
I asked a Jewish girl for her number... She rolled up her sleeve
Ever heard the one about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac? He lay awake at night wondering if there really was a dog.
Let's talk about Sex Baby. I regret you naming our son that. You're a real piece of shit, Tammy.
You look dirty, so does your toaster maybe you should both go for a bath... I'll draw it
I went to handshake someone and he basically just gripped my thumb and I'm never going to be popular
How do Filipinos count money?  One-a two-a three-a four-a another-a ...
[5-year-old and 3-year-old scream at each other] Me: Is that how your mom and I settle arguments? 5: You want me to sleep on the couch?
If your mule ate my prize winning bird, what would you have? My 3 foot cock in your ass!
ME: [in santa costume, covered in chimney soot] that was hard. how does santa do it WIFE: well santas not real, hun ME: [drops cookie] WHAT
Do you know what happens when gay marriage is legalized? BREAKING NEWS: California's drought is over. Water supply flourishing from the tears of the racist, homophobic, and conservative southerners
I farted in church today..... I farted in church today and four people spun around in their seats and looked at me. I felt like I was on the Voice!
There is an Arab boy lost in the grocery store... The manager of the store walks up to the boy and asks ""what does your mother look like?"" The boy replies "" I don't know"".
A Buddhist monk walks up to a Hotdog vender and says ""Make me one with everything""
You want to know what marriage is like? Think of a prison... Now don't change anything.
Mute goes to a wedding... After the ceremony he won't let go of his dick and everyone's a little put off by his public display. With his free hand, he signs ""Speak now or forever hold your peace"".
Did you hear about the man trapped in a nun's body? His name is God.
At first I didn't know how to dig a trench but then I got to the bottom of it.
Internet went down last night My neighbour added a password
But if two men get married, they'll BOTH be stupid in detergent commercials and then no one will buy the correct detergent.
60% of African American girls agree to giving me a blowjob I guess you could call it a 3/5's compromise
What does my physics professor have in common with Gandalf? YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!!
Which mafia boss came with all the dlc? John Goty
Yo mama is so Black that she went to the funeral naked!
I wipe my ass like I drive... Only stop on red
If you made a triangle with sticks... would it be twigonometry?
Q: How many Stuntmen does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Five. One to screw it in and four to tell him how bitchin' he looked doing it.
Why does a fetus have more rights than a women? Because a fetus still have a chance to become a Man
Snowballs Q: What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? A: Snowballs.
Fruit roll ups I went to the supermarket and asked a clerk if they had fruit roll ups, he then called his gay manager to hug me.
What do you call an angry paraplegic? A steamed vegetable.
The Blonde Waitress Customer: Can I have some coffee without cream please? Blonde Waitress: We are fresh out of cream, sir. Can I bring you coffee without milk instead?
Father, pardon, excuse, exonerate, absolve, acquit, forgive me, for I have synonymed.
Im making a fortune promoting home security systems.All I do is say ""Hello"".At 3 in the morning sitting at the end of their bed.
I'm more of an amateur bater. I agree, I need more practice.
Two hillbillies were playing chess..
I saw that show locked up abroad. I expected to see more than just a women getting locked up. But that's all it was, that show is so literal.
The problem with being gay It's a pain in the ass
Two twins are looking through a family photo album ""It's not you, it's me"" They both say in unison.
Whenever I see a hot girl on the streets I'm like HOLY CRAP I'M OUTSIDE.
My car starts to hydroplane. I let go & whisper, ""Do it. Become the plane you've always dreamed of. I love you."" *Soft kiss*
My girlfriend wants me to take her to Paris, and treat her like a princess The only thing is, I don't know which to pick: the guillotine or the Mercedes.
James Bond walks into a bar... James Bond walks into a bar and sits next to a chicken. Chicken: What's your name? Bond: My name's Bond. James Bond. Chicken: Nice to meet you, I'm Ken. Chick Ken.
Why do black people only have nightmares? Because we killed the only one with a dream.
How do you troll someone? Make them wipe their screen because they think text is a smudge.
Mad Libs inventor died today of POOPING. He is survived by his PIZZA CHEESE and his LAWN DARTS. He will be A DINOSAUR.
Who is never hungry at Christmas ? The turkey - he's always stuffed !
Q: Two musicians are walking down the street and one says to the other ""Who was that piccolo I saw you with last night?"" A: The other replies ""That was no piccolo that was my fife.""
There is this new awesome technology to do group chats... It's called ""put your damn phone away and join the conversation!""
What's the best city to search the World Wide Web in? Rome.
What do women and hurricanes have in common? When they come, they're wet and wild. When they leave, they take your house and your car
Why do we drive on parkways when we park  on driveways?
Women always say they want security... When I'm around.
What's an owl's favourite pin code? 2820!!!!!!!!
Few things in life are more pleasurable than turning off the lights in a public bathroom while people are still inside
Why is Man Utd's chemistry lacking? Because they are held together by weak van den Gaal's forces.
What kind of soap do Middle Eastern citizens use? Arab spring
Duck walks into a pharmacy and asks for some lip balm. ""Certainly sir, will that be cash or credit?"" ""Just put it on my bill.""
what's green and floats? a leaf
Uncle Frank's will stipulates he be cremated & his ashes added to the vegetable water sprayers at the local grocery store. He will be mist.
I'm a masochist. I downvote myself.
I'd also tell you a joke about how my balls hang. . . But that's too low.
I came up with a movie idea. A man's daughter is abducted. This man has has a unique set of skills and goes on a revenge rampage. But the idea was taken.
I saw a girl texting while driving the other day.. it really pissed me off, so I rolled down my window and threw my beer at her.
Where is Macau located? In MaFarm
They took my mood ring... ...and I don't know how i feel about it.
Hands down half 6 is my favourite time of day.
Chicks... ...they only get laid once.
How do you comfort a grammar nazi? Pat him or her on the back and say, ""Their, they're...""
What do you call a policeman with blonde hair ? A fair cop !
The person who came up with ""happily ever after"" probably didn't realize humans would live longer than 34 years.
I'm selling my Theremin.... I haven't touched it in years.
what type of shoes do artists wear? sketchers
Just bought some local farm-fresh free-range artisanal organic grass-fed hormone-free something or other that makes me better than you.
Happiness is like peeing in your pants ...everyone can see it, but only you can feel its warmth.
I love Alfredo sauce. Unless you're a dude named Alfredo.
Some coworkers remind me of my ex, because I would jump in front of a bus to get out of a conversation with them too.
""we can put a man on the moon but ___________"" (insert issue that is vastly different)
Did u guys know u can smoke Newports on Delta flights
A pirate walks into a bar and the bartender says... ""What's with the steering wheel on the front of your pants?"" The pirate says, ""Argh!! I don't know but it's driving me testicles!!!""
what's worse than having a cold right before a job interview ? the holocaust
What's the difference between /r/jokes and your mom? Your mom is funny.
Q: What did the snail say as he rode on the back of a turtle? A: Wheeee!
What do you get when you cross Holy Water with castor oil? A religious movement!
What's the difference between awkward and awful? Awkward is finding your mom on Tinder, awful is matching with her
They should put a statue of me next to the Statue of Liberty so immigrants know the American Dream is hit or miss.
Just went for a piss while still wearing my microphone and the whole conference heard me call the urinal a ""thirsty boy""
What separates the men from the boys? Operation Yewtree.
Why did Newton's wife got pregnant? Because he doesn't believe in using quantum
A survey found one in five women have ended a relationship because their significant other was too busy playing video games.
Why shouldn't you drink at a math party? Because you shouldn't drink and derive.
I was going to say a gay joke but fuck it.
Why are sergeants so successful in physical contests? Three stripes, you rout.
What is CC Sabathia's favorite inning to pitch in baseball? The bottom of the fifth
Girls hope you celebrated Valentines Day responsibly, or you'll be celebrating Thanksgiving in a maternity ward
You know what's worse than your tribal tattoo? The story about why you got it.
How do sheep greet each other at Christmas  ? A merry Christmas to ewe
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew? One gets a badge for lighting stuff on fire, while the other gets a badge for being lit on fire.
Just farted and it sounded like Louis Armstrong saying the word ""blueberry"" with his mouth full.
What do you call a cow stuck in a hurricane? A milkshake.
As my friend confessed, ""My teenage daughter never even talks to me" I struggled to conceal my jealousy.
[texting] WIFE: need to talk when u get home ME: about what WIFE: too much to text just wait till u get home ME: *never goes home*
Me: *to dog* what should I wear today bud? Dog: *pants*
Did you hear that they are building massive oscillating blades in New York? I wasn't a big fan of the idea
What do you call an Irish man who won't leave your porch? Paddy O' furniture
Why do people even like anal? It's fucking shit.
Cleaning the Attic Four fonts walk into a bar the barman says ''Hey - get out! We don't want your type in here!''
Pinocchio When did Pinocchio learn he was made of wood? when his hand caught fire!!
What is the difference between rat poison and diet coke? Diet coke has better advertising.
Shoplifting or rape If you have sex with a prostitue and pay with a cheque that bounces is it shoplifting or rape?
Count Chocula cereal is the perfect combination of breakfast and fear.
I'd do well in a zombie apocalypse because I'm near sighted, get cramps if I don't get enough potassium and my only skill is googling things
If your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door, who do you let in first? The dog, of course. He'll shut up once you let him in.
*Snoop walks into a classroom* Snoop: Tell me about the Big Bong Theory Teacher: It's the Big Bang Theory *Snoops walks out disappointed*
Did you hear about the wooden car with the wooden engine, the wooden doors and the wooden chassis? It wooden go.
I forgot :( Whilst climbing in the roof space to get down the kids Christmas gifts, I found a present I'd forgotten last year. Such a shame - they would have loved that puppy.
I've decided my tweets sound better when I say them so instead of tweeting I'm just gonna call all of you when I think of stuff.
Dear women, you're all fucking crazy. Signed, every dude.
Viagra Tea Does nothing for your sexual vigour, but stops your biscuit going soft.
What's the slipperiest country? Greece!
Who is the Gorillas' favourite  playwright? Eugene O'Neill - who wrote 'The Hairy Ape!'
You did yoga. You didn't negotiate a peace treaty. Stop walking around like that.
What should you do if you find a snake sleeping  in your bed ? Sleep in the wardrobe !
My ex-girlfriend once said ""It's either me or Twitter."" I wonder how she's doing.
What did one dairy cow say to another? Got milk?
My children annoy me so I'm leaving everything in my will to a nap I took in 2007.
How many fat people does it take to get a subreddit banned? [This post has been banned for your protected - Ellen Pao] ^^^NINJAEDIT: ^^^Just ^^^one
Some people say I dream too much, I say it's just because my life is better than their dreams are.
How do you stop Carlos Santana from molesting your children? You put a guitar in his hands.
When my boss is mad and takes it out on me, I do less work. Can't reward bad behavior with a positive response. Training works both ways
I've just been refused entry to the National Alzheimer's conference. ""Do you know who I am?"" I shouted.
Trump is asked what his position on women's issues Trump replies ""Look, I know a lot of women and they all have issues""
By law, you are required to turn on your headlights if it's raining in Sweden. How the hell am I supposed to know if it's raining in Sweden?
why don't melons run away to get married? because they cantaloupe
""Pardon me miss, but would you mind moving out of the way?"" --Polite Ludacris
if you eat your burrito over a tortilla, anything that falls out will simply start building your next burrito
What do you call conjoined dolphins Dual porpoise
I was gonna make a gay joke... But Fuck that
Mt. Everest has lost its record status ... ... now that a British astronaut is Earth's highest Peake.
Any subreddits to help you cope with schizophrenia? Asking for a friend
Confucius say... Man who go to bed with sex in mind, wake up with solution in hand.
Nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Putting the dog down today. Gonna start by telling him he has a big nose.
The nice thing about being a pessimist is that in the end you are either pleasantly surprised or you have the satisfaction of knowing you were right all along.
So if Mary had Jesus, and Jesus was the Lamb of God... ... Does that mean Mary had a little lamb?
dumbledore: our enchanted ceiling shows us wat the sky outside looks like mcgonagall: so...a magic glass ceiling dumbledore: [starts sweating]
Sometimes when I'm sad, I'll go to the park and, from a distance, look thru my thumb and index finger and begin squishing people's heads...
What's the difference between magic and black magic? Black magic doesn't work.
What is that the more you desire, the less you can get? Beautiful girls.
A man walks into a bar... His friends ducked.
I fucked up making my coffee today \#nofilter
I just got fired for putting my penis in the pickle slicer at the restaurant where I work She only got docked a week's pay
Why did so many jews die at Auschwitz? Because the exit doors were coin operated.
What do you call a slow hurricane? A slowicane.
What Should I Do Today? Eat A Bomb?Nuke A Toaster?Ride Nyan Cat Into Space?Bomb ISIS?Oh Theres Just So Much You Can Do!
I heard this amazing joke the other day, made me laugh so hard. Unfortunately I seem to have forgotten it.
Every horse you've ever seen has two people inside them. Horses aren't real. Commitment is.
*looks at crushed dead raccoon on the side of the road* i'm thinking Arby'sTM
LPT: Never hold your farts in. They travel up your spine into your brain,and that's where shitty ideas come from.
A grown man smelling like baby powder stood next to me today. My maternal instincts have never been so confused.
A double-amputee walks into a bar Then he remembers he's already legless and walks out again.
How much does it cost for a pirate to get their ears pierced? A Buccaneer.
What did the elephant say to the man? Cute, but how do you pick up peanuts with it?
I just took the Bruce Lee of dumps. It fucked my ass all up.
What my girlfriend thought, first 4 dates : 1. Nice shirt 2. Wow, a second nice shirt. 3. Okay, first shirt again. 4. He has two shirts.
[gf comes home after spray tanning] Hey, orange you looking good! ""Thanks"" Anytime, pumpkin! ""You're sweet"" You're one in vermillion!
Apparently I pack an apple in my 5 year old's lunch so it can get out of the house for a few hours.
*First Date* Me: *Flirting* You have to promise not to fall in love with me. Him: There's cheese in your hair. And we haven't eaten yet.
What's the difference between a weasel and a stoat? One's weasily recognised - the other's stoatally different
Dear guys wearing skinny jeans, I... Can't.... Breathe.... Sincerely, your damn balls.
What do you call a bearded gardener? Hairy Potter
I thought I really understood what I was thinking, and then I spoke.
Sorry about your street cred, black guys named Milton.
What's the hardest thing about being a pedophile? Just trying to fit in, really.
Volkswagen How many Jews Can you fit in a Volkswagen? 2 in the front, 3 in the back, and 6 million in the ashtray
What is the difference between the Christmas  alphabet and the ordinary alphabet? The Christmas alphabet has NO EL.
Where was Timmy when the bomb fell? Everywhere.
What does a preverted frog say? Rubbit.
The cops did a high-risk raid on a drug operation located at a barn I guess you could say it was a *high steak operation*
The punchline comes first. How can you be sure that a comedian has traveled back in time?
Choose a major you love and you won't have to work for a day in your life Because that major probably has no jobs (not an original)
Why do people dislike the new iPhone 7 so much? It can't do jack shit.
What do you call an aligator in a vest? investigator
My bathroom smells like somebody just took a shit when I walked out of it.
What is the most affectionate type of chicken? The tender ones (Badum Tss)
If you're in college, what do you do when your flatmate has an epileptic seizure in the bathtub? ...throw in your dirty laundry.
""Did you hear about the $3,000,000 Maryland State Lottery? The winner gets $3 a year for a million years.""
""Liquor in the front, poker in the back"" is not an acceptable tee shirt slogan for my church's charity poker team... I know that now.
Did some stand up at a bird sanctuary... They were eating out of the palm of my hands.
what is the most confusing day in the ghetto? father's day
My friend bought a choir girl zombie costume for Halloween. She put it on and said, ""Am I menacing?"" I said, ""Of course, you're a choir girl.""
Saudi Arabia... ...is on the United Nations Human Rights Council.
The definition of mixed emotions... My mother-in-law driving of a cliff in my new car
What sex position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
Phone on silent. 10 missed calls. Turns volume to loudest. Nobody calls All damn Day.
It was recently discovered that Pluto is not actually a dog.
Ever hear the one about the deaf guy? Neither did he.
I used to go out with a Welsh girl who had 36DDs. I had no idea how to pronounce her name.
I'm getting tired of riding to work from New Jersey to Manhattan with my neighbors I guess I'm getting Carpool Tunnel syndrome
Q: What did one candle say to the other candle? A: Are you going out tonight?
LISA GOPMAN: EATING DISORDER For as long as I can remember, I've had an eating disorder: reverse anorexia. It's when I look in the mirror and think I'm really skinny.
What do you call a group of armed nuns enforcing the status quo? a force of habit
When I get heavier, I am actually easier to pick up. What am I? A woman
100% of Nickelback fans drive drunk.
[therapy] WIFE: he favors our son over our daughter ME: No way, I love whatsherface just as much as I love Johnny
I for one... ... love Roman numerals.
What's big and grey and protects you from the rain ? An umbrellaphant !
Ever want to have rodeo sex? Get on top and call her by the wrong name and try and hold on for 8 seconds.
Half of all marriages end in divorce... The other half end in death.
Nothing says ""We have no faith in our own products"" like using a 16 year old girl in your anti-aging cream commercials.
Republicans say it's raining
I think a duck's opinion of me, is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread!
What would you call the Fantastic Four if Snoop Dogg joined the team? The High Five
Yeah, I guess you could say I ""rescued"" my dog. I did stop him right before he was gonna start his own podcast
Your momma so fat... Her aides close lanes on the George Washington Bridge
""I love my Job!"" -Job's wife
TRUMP: Let's get that Muslim Band going ""Band? We thought you said ban"" TRUMP: No way, that's harsh. Also, how's that Mexican mall coming?
I doubt my inferiority complex is as good as everyone else's
I wish young people would stop idealising future dystopias and start enjoying the one they're in.
What do you call a man standing up to his knees in water? Wade
I was going to tell a joke about sodium... But then I said ""Na, I'll do it later.""
If you combined all the movies of Rob Schneider and made them into one single movie, it would be an extremely long movie.
I ate way too many freedom fries yesterday. I had to liberate the toilet for hours.
I made a website for Kids' jokes. But for some reason people seem hesitant to go to kidslaughter.com
Yo mama so fat... ... slapping her belly causes gravitational waves. OR ... every step she takes causes a ripple in special relativity.
I was fighting with my wife over the arrangement of the dining-room furniture. I thought I had won but when I got home from work the tables were turned.
All the jokes about iPhone 6S are just slightly improved jokes about iPhone 6.
Two men broke into a drugstore and stole all the Viagra... The police are on the lookout for two hardened criminals...
Where do you find the best tofu in the entire world?
yo mama so stupid it took her 2 hours to watch 60 seconds.
My kid wanted juice but I gave him water which he promptly turned into whine.
Why do they build fences around graveyards? Because people are dying to get in
Boss: I suspect one of you is dead [Everyone looks at me, except for Paul, who is not moving at all]
Three stages of a man's life . . . . . Want to stand up Want to stand up Want to stand up
Oh yeah bro? That's not what your mom said last night. I don't think so, anyway. It was a long conversation. She sounds well. Lovely person.
I just bought shoes from a drug dealer I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day
Be alert! The world needs more lerts.
- ""... He accidentally drank some radioactive milk and became_ - MILKMAN!! - No. He became gravely ill and died. What are you? An idiot?!""
Visiting grandma (nsfw) Mommy, mommy, I don't want to visit grandma today! ""Shut up and keep digging, boy.""
I was having sex with a woman last night and she kept screaming this other guys name. Who the hell is this ""Rape"" fellow, anyway?
When you go in the other room I ask your dog what you look like naked.
Two peanuts were walking through Central Park late at night. One was a salted.
What's the hardest part about breaking up with a Japanese girl? You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets the point.
Telling someone they can't be sad because others have it worse is like telling someone they can't be happy because others have it better.
Little girl: ""Grandma, make a noise like a frog."" Grandma: ""Why?"" Little girl: ""Cause daddy says we'll make a lot of money when you croak.""
My thanks to Mexican Coke for sponsoring this week's weirdly tight pants. ""Mexican Coke: Porque tu pantalones deben ser dolorosos.""
What's the difference between a brothel and a circus? Your mother never ran away to join the circus.
The missus just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline. She hit the roof.
did you hear about that kidnapping in Texas? He woke up.
FB lesson number #1. If you don't want people meddling in your business, stop  posting it on your status.
The greatest thing about Christmas is how it teaches kids to be selfish little shits on someone else's birthday.
A pig with wings walks into a bar. Stunned, the bartender says ""You can't bring food in here from another restaurant! Even if you are a cop!""
My favorite jokes are the short ones that make me laugh. Here's a short one that I hope makes you laugh. How do you find Will Smith in the snow? - You look for FRESH PRINTS!!
I'm scared of the toilet That's where shit goes down
Do you know the problem with ordering duck? It always comes with the bill.
""Raising a family is hard" he said. ""Not if they're buried close enough together" replied the Necromancer.
I'm not saying let's go kill all the stupid people I'm just saying let's remove all the warning labels and let the problem sort itself out.
Just when I think I'm 100% against the death penalty, I see a bright yellow hummer taking up two parking spots.
What do you call a cute homeless girl? Dust Bunny
I asked my wife if we could do 68 tonight. She'd blow me, and I'd owe her one.
The toilet bowl was stolen from the local police precinct last night. The cops have nothing to go on.
No, you're not fat, you're just easy to see.
Did you guys see the new line of Tony Romo's cologne? Every time you wear it, you fuck up and the other guy scores.
What does Sean Connery wear to avoid the paparazzi? His shunglasshesh
I farted on the bus today and four people turned around I felt like I was on The Voice
(NSFW) What did the haddock get covered in at the fish orgy? SALMONal fluid
One day I'll cure deafness... You hear me!
Drunk is when you feel sophisticated but can't pronounce it.
Is this InkJet any good? Sure, we've sold it to royalty Princesses? Mate, it prints ALL the letters!
What do you call someone who sneezes doing cocaine? A snowblower
Next time you order coffee at Starbucks tell them your name is Bueller and then leave the store.
Why does Donald Trump hate Chris Jericho? Because Jericho wants to break the walls down
Remember that AMA guy whose mother slept with him because he had broken his arms? She was adding incest to injury.
What do you call Dracula's retarded cousin? Countdown This was a joke I heard on TV some time ago ... Thought it was worth a share.
Yes, I am aware pigs are more intelligent than dogs. Why would I want to eat an inferior animal and absorb its lesser powers?
Why does the little mermaid wear sea-shells? Cause B-shells are too small, and D- shells are too big.
Why does santa say ho ho ho? Because three hos are better than one!
IAMA convicted murderer who escaped last week from an upstate New York prison currently on the run somewhere in North America. AMA!
I've found that whenever God closes a door, Satan hands me a lockpick.
Pepsi just bought out Nike. Nike's new slogan will be, ""Just Dew It"".
You're the only one who understands me, last remaining sleeve of Oreo cookies.
Knock knock. Who's there? A little old lady. A little old lady who? Wow, I didn't know you could yodel!
A Wizard walks into a gay bar, and disappears with a poof.
what if soy milk is just regular milk.... introducing itself in spanish
There are some problems in life that can be solved with chocolate....others require a full clip and a shovel.
Lovers joke When I see lovers' names carved in a tree, I don't think it's sweet. I just think it's surprising how many people bring a knife on a date.
Glad the lady in front of me decided at the last second to stop at the yellow light as I prefer to eat my fries from the dashboard.
There are 10 kinds of people... * The ones who know binary * The ones who doesn't know binary * and the ones who taught that this joke was in binary...
Well... I like to think of it this way if we survived two fantastic 4 movies we could survive Ragnarok and hey we did good job world
What do you call an Irish Jew? A leprechaun!
*boss calls me into office* ""um but sir my name is--"" Be quiet you're ""into office"" now
Shadow dancers begin making a mock hanging motion to Katy Perry's singing
How can you tell if lunch meat is from West Virginia? It's in bread
Just witnessed a white girl take a selfie with her coffee in Starbucks. I always heard the legends but never thought I'd see it in the wild.
What is it called when a bunch of people, all under 5'2"", go to a raging party? High wasted shorts!
Girl, is your dad Louis Vuitton? Because you have such big bags under your eyes. Wait am I doing this right
What's Franklin D Roosavelt's favorite game show? Deal or New Deal
The first person to see a sunset was probably like well this ain't good.
13 year old girls be like ""I need a man who.. "" Lol the only Man in your life should be Spongebob. Yallah go finish your homework.
Never tell a joke to plutonium, there reaction is explosive
What type of car does an African drive? A Sudan
If you watch the biggest loser backwards it's a story about your mom.
Why does homemade bread not make your throat itch? It's made from scratch ^*NB ^OP ^is ^heckle-proof*
I really can't walk the walk or talk the talk but if you need someone to drink the drink, I'm your man.
Where does bad light go? Into a prism.
Women always call me ugly until they find out how much money I make Then they call me ugly and poor
Did anyone else go into a furious, violent rage when they found out that George Lucas filmed most of Star Wars here on Earth?
Why was six afraid of seven? Seven is a registered six offender.
Wanna hear a word I just made up? Plagiarism.
What did the gang-banger say when two houses fell on him? Get off me, homes.
You know it's cold outside when... You buy a foot long at Subway and by the time you get it to you car it's a six inch
What car does the Loch Ness Monster drive? A Ford F-tree-fiddy
Did it hurt when you fell? Into the toilet, you piece of shit?
Boy becomes Jedi, gets married, turns evil, has twins, becomes Darth Vader, complicated crap, ewoks. Boom, STAR WARS. You're welcome, girls.
What smells worse than an anchovy? An anchovy's cunt
Did you guys hear about the girl that had three vaginas? She kept getting fucked left, right and centre.
The awkward moment when you say, ""I love you" then the pizza delivery guy says, ""That'll be $12.46, please.""
My paper aeroplane won't fly. It's completely stationery.
You think you're pretty smart until you have to figure out how to turn on someone else's shower.
If I die in a fire, I want my last words on my grave... ... ""I won't die, I'm 70% water!""
What's the best way to capitalize on an opportunity? ON AN OPPORTUNITY
60 Second Lover I think my girlfriend has fucked sixty one people before me. She calls me her sixty second lover ....
What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the law? A small medium at large
Girls, if you're gonna shave your eyebrows off just to draw them on again, at least make them interesting. How about drawing two umbrellas?
What's good on pie, but not on pussy? Crust.
What the difference between a calender and you.... a calendar has dates.
It puts the lotion in the basket. Then it calls the wife to make sure it's the right brand so it doesn't get the hose again.
Not sure if I should be more concerned about the son who locked me out of my bedroom today, or the one who showed me how to pick the lock.
What happens to a tapeworm after it dies? It will be interred.
Just ate the last slice of pizza and I wish there was more. Suddenly all of Taylor Swifts songs make sense to me.
Now that Fox News is 18 can we send it to Iraq?
If a red panda is caught stealing, what do you call it? It was caught Red Panded
What do ants drink? Tea. It's an ant tea joke.
I don't need to run a marathon to load up on carbs and ask someone to wrap me up in a blanket.
Did you hear about the unfashionable mechanic? He needed to change attire. (I'm probably too proud of myself for making this one
I recently came into a very large sum of money so they fired me from my job at the bank.
How many dadaists does it take to change a lightbulb? Giraffe.
A small boy got lost at a baseball game... He went up to a police officer and said: ""I've lost my dad."" ""What's he like?"" asked the police officer sympathetically. The boy replied, ""Beer and women.""
Donald Trump wants to build a wall between USA and Mexico... It's okay, we have tunnels.
I can't remember what 51, 6 and 500 are in Roman numerals... fucking livid
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar... It was in tense.
What's the difference between a blonde and an Airbus A380? Not everyone has been in an Airbus A380.
It's amazing the little things you learn about your kids as they grow everyday. For example today I learned my 3yo is kind of a mean drunk.
Every time I don't clog a toilet I feel like I've gotten away with something
How many cannibals does it take to make a sandwich? Two.
Married men aren't allowed to go the grocery store alone because we're the kid in the shopping cart, but with money
I was asked how I view lesbian relationships. Apparently in HD wasn't the right answer.
If someone says you're a nice person, these things will happen: 1) They will ask you for a favor. 2) You will not get laid.
The word 'nothing' is a palindrome. 'Nothing' reversed is 'Gnihton' which also means nothing
What do kids like to eat in the playground? Recess Pieces.
I was asked to babysit once but it didn't go very well. You're not meant to sit on them.
How do jellyfish live without brains They are blond
i sold all my lizards to buy my girlfriend a Toyota Tundra but she sold her drivers license to buy me a awesome obstacle course for lizards
What's another word for ""thesaurus""? Steven Wright joke, iirc.
Anonymous gets Alzheimer's They sign off: We are Anonymous, we are a legion, we do not forgive, we do not....
What's brown and sticky? (wait! There's more...) What's brown and sticky? A Stick. What's brown, sticky and Yiddish? A schtick.
What has 142 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk? My Zipper
How do you call a beautiful feminist? An oxymoron
Whenever someone tells me they like country music, I just look them in the eyes and ask ""which country?""
What do you call a nun that sleep walks? A roamin' catholic
I saw a badass preview for a new movie coming out! It said it was called ""U.S. Marines""
*sticks switchblade into bag of NES cartridges, licks tip of knife, nods to boss* It's good.
Me: Girls' night in!!! Cat: I'm a cat. Me: You're my best friend. Cat: I'm not even a girl cat. Me: So it's like a date? Cat: Get help.
Dont drink and Derive Especially in Meth class
It's all fun and games until you lose your wifi signal.
Last night, Daredevil beat me up and took my money. I was robbed blind.
I wouldn't say my butt plug the best sex toy... but it's definitely up there.
My friend tried to get me with bird puns today... I told him toucan play that game.
In the earliest part of my life I was a man trapped inside a woman's body. Then mom gave birth to me.
I got mad at a rock today. I chopped it in half with my lightsaber. Now there are two rocks. Send help. Now.
Doctor says: ""No sex for 6 weeks after birth."" Me: Why? Did her vagina see its shadow? Doctor: Me: Doctor: Please tell me you're not the father.
We're gonna party like its 1999. //breaks out Nokia flip phone and starts to panick about Y2K//
I'm starting a dating app for people who live in Eastern Virginia I'm calling it Chesapeake BAE
Man! Did anyone else see the result of the Egypt vs Ethopia soccer game? Egypt: 8. Ethopia: Didn't.
what's the male equivolent of a widow? Free
*Britney Spears releases a new fragrance* *the other dinner guests look embarrassed and pretend not to notice.*
[god creating ants] Anteater: finally
What did the Alligator say to the turtle? Can I bayou a drink?
How is being at a singles bar different from going to the circus? At the circus, the clowns don't talk.
main difference between /news/ mods and north korea? one side executes people for no reasons and puts people in detentions camps, the other one is a country.
pull my upvote
I went to the zoo the other day... The only animal they had was a small dog. It was a shih tzu
If Twitter has taught me anything it's that the best career choice is divorce lawyer.
Why do people love their smartphones so much? Because opposites attract. (Told to me by 2 students today, loved it!)
When someone says ""I need this done yesterday"" it's like I'm not going to be bossed around by someone who doesn't understand how time works
ran outta bowls so i filled the cups of a bra with peanuts on one side, chips on the other then carried it to the couch. im 26, available
They say that the best airing time is 20:00... ...but I think 19:59 is the real prime time.
If you don't get my Harry Potter references, there is something siriusly ron with you
How long does it take an Ethiopian Women to take a shit? 9 Months.
Real men don't cry...tears for real men are only unnecessary liquids in the body.
I sleep with a knife under my bed in case I can't open my midnight snacks. It also comes in handy if people try to steal them.
Guns don't kill people. Chuck Norris kills People.
What does a tech geek say when they're taking a shit? ""Clearing my cache.""
What do you call someone who knows all? Nostril-damus. &amp
I read in the news today that a man in Los Angeles was killed when he got caught up in a turf war. I wonder if he was mowed down?
At jury duty they said, ""You do not have to be fluent in English."" So what you're supposed to do is just guess if the guy is innocent.
What happens when you mix a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite
The new Pope got Bird flu... ...I heard he caught it from one of his Cardinals.
Can't wait till bin Laden slips up and checks-in on Foursquare.
What does a Scotsman wear under his kilt? If it's a good day lipstick
Whats common between dark jokes and little kids with cancer... They never get old.
What do you call a Mexican that flies a plane? A pilot, you racist!
Why did the existential nihilist cross the road? Who cares.
You have the nicest syntax I've ever seen.
now this is really a joke i love to read jokes but theres no function to read the next joke so it is a lot of tedious clicks to get there
I like my women like I like my wine... Twelve years old and in the cellar.
Accidentally pressed 2 for Spanish and Donald Trump's security team came out of nowhere to deport me.
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch? A slut fucks everyone... A bitch fucks everyone but YOU.
A Russian asks another Russian if he's seen the new magic show in town. ""Cock ta-da?"" ""Yeah, horror show.""
What do you call a hobo with an afro? A frobo.
People say you never see ninjas but I see their girlfriends hanging around mosques all the damn time.
What does a landmine field and my pet friendly apartment complex have in common? It doesn't matter where you step, shit is about to happen
Why do rabbits love beer? Because it's made of hops.
A boy met a girl She:Every time u smile, I feel like inviting u to my place He(smiling):Why thank u.. are u single? She:No, I'm a dentist
My friend was raped by a teenager mutant ninja turtle. He wasn't wearing a mask, so we don't know which one did it.
A man walks into a bar... Just kidding
A man with a... A man with a twelve in penis can't spel.
What do you call an elf made of lego? Legolass
Have you guys seen this? Have you heard about this? Wow, what a tewwific audience.
Your vehicle has this magical lever That shows which direction you're turning
I have a friend visiting from out of town. What's your fave place in LA to look at your phone??
Why are there more female than male archeologists? They always want to find a new bone.
But were you called ""dream wife"" on the internet today? Oh, you were. By the same guy? I see.
Life would be simpler if you were notified when you were added to lists IRL. ""Your crush"" has added you to list ""Friend Zone"".
Whipped cream is just shaving cream that does whatever it's girlfriend tells it to do.
What's the difference between my dick and my paycheck? I don't have to beg my wife to blow my paycheck.
Cigarettes aren't addicting Just look at me. I smoke all the time, and I'm not addicted.
What is a baby's favorite Fall Out Boy song? Thanks For The Mammaries
Two flies are sitting on a piece of shit. One fly cuts a fart. The other one says, ""Hey! I'm eatin' here!""
9 called to ask how much bleach it takes to get purple ink out of carpet and because she's so cute and at her dad's I went with all of it!
Most animals don't like gore. But leeches are suckers for blood.
Who's gonna be the next queen of R&amp
New Reality Show: America's Next Top Proctologist. You only advance to the next round if you get two thumbs up.
When is the most likely time that a stray dog will walk into your house ? When the door is open !
What idiot called it endangered ocean population instead of deficiency?
No end in sight... I can't see an end.  I have no control. I don't think there's any escape. I don't even have a home anymore. Time for a new keyboard.
To the woman who keeps pounding on my door at night, I'm not letting you out!
Did you hear about the terrorist suicide bombers rave party? I heard they had a blast.
Why would you never starve to death in a desert? Because you'd probably die of dehydration first. While a human can only go about a week without water, it can go up to three weeks without food.
What does a homeless man gets for Christmas? A cold.
*cop approaches me* ""have u seen this girl?"" *holds up photo* ""yeah I've seen her, NAKED"" *hi-5* ""haha but seriously shes in my trunk""
It's hard telling how many Kleenex I've fathered.
According to my neighbor's journal, I have ""boundary issues.""
""Bear with me"" -A Russian bear trainer
ME: look a possum HER: actually it's spelled opossum ME: you don't no how I spelled it, we're talking HER: actually it's spelled know
An Englishman, an Irishman, a Scotsman, a priest, a rabbi and Adolf Hitler walk into a bar. The bartender says, ""What is this, some kind of joke?""
*sends you a pic of a kitten* *you reply, ""Awe""* *face melts* *responds, ""We've been over this already, it's ""Aww""* *deletes your number*
A depressed Storm Trooper goes to the bar for some jager shots. He goes home sober.
I had the worst night last night.. The ghost of Gloria Gaynor appeared in front of my bed. At first I was afraid, then I was petrified.
Did you guys hear about the talking polar bear? He's very arcticulate! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
May be behind but what do you call a Curiosity with only 2 wheels Bi-curious
""how'd your football team football today?"" those footballers footballed quite well...really good footballin'
What do you call the 1 yard line at the Super Bowl? ...A running play - Obviously...
Spent the day attempting crazy driving stunts because I forgot to read the fine print at the bottom of a car commercial.
ActivityBuddy A new app is sweeping the AppStore, using GPS technology similar to Grindr/ Tinder, ActivityBuddy matches up people who enjoy the same activity. The #1 activity? Anonymous gay sex.
If someone stole Sherlock Holmes' magnifying glass, how would he search for clues? Using watSonar
I went to the doctor yesterday I told him my penis suddenly turned into a tiny green ball. He said I may have peacock syndrome.
How do you make a space party? -You PLANet
Why do Steven Avery's victims see him naked from the waist down? Because his lawyers keep filing away his briefs.
Christian Bale won Best Supporting Actor for playing a mentally unstable drug addict.And then Charlie Sheen was like, ""You can get an award for that?
What is the worst type of sand to have in your pants? Sandusky
Batman can safe the world ,but clark kent
Why are there no podiatrist generals? Because all they know is de feet
Egyptians don't walk like that.
Fart tutor wanted, must have references
Have you seen the movie Constipated? That's because it hasn't come out yet.
I don't know why beer companies bother with an expiration date... it's never going to make it anywhere near that.
Why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot them?
What do you call a homosexual in a wheelchair? Rolaids.
I like Peter Dinklage in Game of Thrones But I like him better in smaller roles.
How do you get the most apples when bobbing  at Halloween Wear a snorkel !
ME: hey baby HOT GIRL: ME: HOT GIRL: ME: HOT GIRL: ME: *looks closer* HOT GRILL: ME: oh
Ain't no sandwich when she's gone.
What do a redhead and a freezer have in common? They've both got ice on the inside.
Alabama changed the legal drinking age to 33. They're trying to keep it out of high schools.
Why are men smarter while having sex? Because they're plugged into a know it all.
I think it's time I throw away my fleshlight My masturbation is getting a little out of hand.
What do you get when Italians join ISIS? Baked Yazidi
LITTLE KNOWN FACT: The dye used to color Sesame Street's Elmo red is made from the blood of virgin Canadians.
What's the difference between a Lentil and a Chickpea? I wouldn't pay $200 to have a Lentil on my face.
if the plan is ""eat pancakes now figure out life later"" then yes everything is going according to plan
Tequila everyday keeps sobriety away
How many paranoids does it take to change a lightbulb? Who wants to know?
You know how they say ""if you snooze you lose""... I snooze every morning and have never lost any sleep over it.
Why doesn't George R.R. Martin use a Twitter? Because he kills all 140 characters.
This one time I swallowed a gum and my mom told me that ""it stays in your system forever" so I swallowed a table to stick it under it.
Steve Irwin will always be in our hearts Just like the stingray needle in his.
What do you call a record of everything that goes in and out of your ass? An ANALog.
Met a hooker who said she'd do anything for $5 So I had her repost a joke for me that's been posted 5,000 times in the past week
Autocorrect changed Italian to Taliban, so now I'm sure the NSA is super interested in my ricotta cheese.
You know something, Jon Snow Lord Commander: ""So, Jon Snow, is it true you have lain with a Wildling girl?"" Jon Snow: ""Yes, sir, it is true. But I have no Ygrittes.""
Yes, I've been in love before. I've also had salmonella poisoning and you don't see me running back for seconds.
The secret to making a good egg is the way you ap-poach it. *a man in the audience has a stroke and dies from being so angry at this joke*
I became a vegan yesterday... ...but I tell you, it was a missed-steak.
Wanna see a banana split? Wait until it turns black and tell it he's the father.
Just tried to read an article that wasn't a list. Bunch of words, no GIFs, and it required me to think?? 0/10 would not recommend.
Just picked up some cologne from the .99 cent store because chicks dig it when I smell like back child support and restraining orders
How do you get a hippie chick pregnant? Cum on her shoes and let the flies do the rest
I got a new job! I got a great new job working for The Mint. I'm gonna make so much money! Also steal a bunch.
I'm holding a party for people who can never reach orgasm If you can't come let me know.
I forgot, what is the name they call themselves, the group that wants to form a new country in what is now Syria and Irak? They are the Nemesis of the USA.
Do you guys remember that party at Bill Cosby's last weekend? Me neither.
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
Eating spicy food is like expressing your love to someone who has no interest in you... you always get burned in the end.
A way you can tell the difference between a plumber and a chemist ask them to pronounce the word 'unionized'
My cousin was one of the most ambitious people I ever knew. Unfortunately, he struggled with depression. His life motto? ""Gosh darn it, I'm going to kill myself, or die trying!""
Of course everyone deserves a 2nd chance, but I gave yours to someone else.
If you still wear a Calculator watch, my guess is you don't need it to add up all the ladies you get....
Why is it fun to play with matches ? They're lit.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl use the restroom? The P is silent.
Why are lumberjacks bad at online video games? Because their connections are so weak they are always logging out.
The bad news: I shaved off my beard. The good news: none of my co-workers recognize me and have stopped talking to me.
I wish my thumbs had the power of Pandora. I would give people the thumbs down & they'd instantly disappear & be replaced w/ a better one.
What did one eye say to the other? Between you and me, something smells
Life is like photography, we develop from the negatives.
What happened to the dog that fell into a  lens-grinding machine? He made a spectacle of himself.
My girlfriend played the cello and I loved it. But recently she gave up the cello and took up the violin, so I had to break up with her. Because I'm all about that bass, no treble.
When one door closes... An incognito window opens.
I'm good at turning on. .. Electronics
What do you take before every meal? A seat.
What is Harry potters favorite way to get down a hill? Walking....J.K . Rowling
I got arrested at the airport last week... Apparently, security doesn't appreciate it when you call ""shotgun"" before boarding a plane.
What do u call a disadvantage for being east-indian Hindi-capped
Hair Stylist: What are we doing today? Me: Let's do something that will look great here but I'll have no chance of replicating at home
My dog is so excited about me washing the car that I'm starting to think he borrows it while I'm asleep
I hope everyone on this flight covers for me by standing and announcing ""No, I am Fartacus!"" as we deplane.
What do you call a smelly man who tells terrible jokes? PUN-GENT
I fart like an Egyptian pharoah... We have a toot in common.
When life hands you 2 Lemons 1 cup sugar 2 tbsp flour 3 tbsp cornstarch 1 cup water 2 tbsp butter 4 eggs 1 pie crust you make lemon meringue
Trying to impress a girl who loves jokes about dead hookers. Give me ur best.
Someone broke a hole in the nudist colony's fence. Police are looking into it.
I want a Michael Corleone in the streets and a horse head in the sheets.
I've got a new job in a biscuit factory. So far I've made a packet.
Whenever somebody asks us how long we've been married... Whenever somebody asks us how long we've been married, we always answer: Me: Eight wonderful years. Wife: Eleven years.
Me: What's with the look? Hub: How would you like a full-service massage? Me: I would, but will you and the kids be okay while I'm gone?
There is no Control (Ctrl) button on Chuck Norris' computer. Chuck Norris is always in control.
THIS IS A TEST OF THE EMERGENCY ALERT SYSTEM I'm out of beer.
Why does a VC always enter a room backwards? To keep an eye on the exit
What do you call a country of grizzlies that is always stoned? A hibearnation.
I'm not in favour of student loans. I think people should get their own student.
It's the first day of Autumn so let's make like Humpty Dumpty!! And have a great Fall!
An English man, an Irish man, and a Scots man walk into a pub. They head to the bar and the bartender says, ""what is this, some kind of joke?!""
Vulnerability is the last thing I want you to see in me, and the first thing I look for in you.
How do you know that toothpaste was invented in Arkansas? Because if it were invented anywhere else, it'd be called teethpaste.
What band's fanbase is the most charitable? U2, they're all pro-bono.
What kind of cheese should Richard eat? Ricotta
To be or not to be? That is the question. The answer? Chuck Norris.
What did the black kid get on his SAT? Barbecue sauce
Teacher: We're going to need you to work with your daughter on humility. Me: I was never good with weather stuff but I'll give it a shot.
I have a joke to tell. Can you reddit?
There are a lot of deadbeat dads out there trying to make up for lost time by ""liking"" their grown children's facebook updates.
I accidentally started this account when I was looking for a banana bread recipe and things have gone horribly wrong.
What's the hardest part about roller blading? Telling your parents that you're gay.
What do you call an Asian guy who is a member of ISIS? RICE-IS
Two potatoes are standing on the corner. How can you tell which one is the hooker? The one with the sticker that says, ""Idaho"".
I have to say to you something... something.
The more complex the handshake, the less complex the individual.
As if being a surgeon wasn't enough you're a general too?
What do you call Hitler underwater? Adolfin.
Did you know Oxford university was founded before the Aztec Empire? That explains the sacrifices my parents had to make to pay my tuition
I over-think, therefore I ruin everything
I asked one of my sumo-wrestling friends whether he wanted some sushi for dinner He just replied ""No thanks, I'm not a big Japanese guy""
Why did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his pizza before it was cool
What did the unimpressed cheese say? Que... so?
When you hear ""I do not love you but we can be friends"" it's like... your mother says ""Your dog died but you can keep it"".
How do you blindfold an Asian person? You put floss over his eyes.
What language do British wrenches speech? Spanish!
Q: What's the difference between a moose and an ant? A: A moose has antlers, but an ant doesn't have mooselers.
What type of fruit do twins prefer? Pears.
if u see someone chewing gum in the morning, it's 100% bc they didn't brush their teeth. they're nasty as hell n not worthy of ur respect
""You know the newest cars drive themselves. And they found that by turning an equal amount left and right, you end up going straight."" ""I swear, officer.""
Game of Thrones is why I have trust issues.
4 out of 5 dentists agree that pursuing dentistry was a mistake.
What the difference between the titanic and climate change? Climate change beat the ice berg
Adulthood is about being able to eat cookies for breakfast, but not doing it because you already ate all the cookies.
Why shouldn't you invite a duck to go out drinking? Because it would be a party fowl.
What do you call a pickle sandwich that's a scientist? Dill Rye
Whenever I'm getting off a plane I like to go up to the pilot, lean in really close and whisper ""I had my phone on that whole time.""
What is Chuck Norris' only weakness? Cancer
Why was Leia disappointed on her wedding night? Han shot first.
I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
I saw a group of transvestites driving really fast... ... it took me a while to realise that they were drag-racing.
What do you call a horny dog in the kitchen? A fur-tile bitch
Just went sledding for the first time I liked it until I got on the sled. It was all down hill from there.
Twitter is the only place where you're thrilled when a complete stranger starts following you.
What do you call a bee that gets engaged? A Beyonce.
My heart goes out to the teenage girls in California who, due to the drought, can no longer take ""unusually long"" baths like we did
I've got the eye of the tiger, heart of a lion, and... a lifetime ban from the zoo.
Test post pls ignore I TOLD U TO IGNORE IT
I proposed to my Mexican girlfriend but she said... I wasn't the Juan.
im near a club thats popular with college kids and a white girl in a wu-tang shirt just yelled ""PBR! WOOOO!""
why would old man skeletor wait until the 3rd period of the final game to introduce new uniforms to the team you're a stupid old man
I must remember...no matter how well hidden I might be in my cardoard box fort, my boss can still track me down by the giggling.
need a Justin Bieber joke about the fist fight he got into last night
The other day, I sent my girlfriend a huge pile of snow... I called her up and asked, ''Did you get my drift?''
[First date] Ok, don't let her know you're a pharmacist Her: Can you pass the salt? ""Sure, it'll be ready in two hours.""
What does a food lover do when they try a new food? They CURIOUSLY MASTERCATE.
Why do Welsh farmers .... Why do Welsh farmers tend to have sex with sheep on the edge of a cliff? So the sheep will push back
Why is there such a shortage of teachers in Africa? Teacher's aides
TIL That Oscar Pistorius once opened a pizza parlor only to have it fail and go bankrupt. The cause? His car was always breaking down, so OP never delivered.
Q: Why did the blond quit his restroom attendant job? A: He couldn't figure out how to refill the hand dryer!
I'm dating a supermodel with hemiparesis. She's not half-bad.
I wasn't trying to put you on a pedestal. I was trying to bend you over it.
Do you want to hear a joke about suicide? So there was this girl.
I would make a joke about Mexicans... ...but that would be crossing the border
Q: Why do blondes always drink with straws? A: Practice.
I call my Penis Batman... ... Woman love it, when the dark night rises.
Kids and adults loved it so, the happy world of Harambe. #neverforget
Women aren't that complicated. They just want an honest and genuine guy who will give them insincere compliments they might not deserve.
It's stupid to just ask ""where"" a sorority girl is when the more accurate question is ""where in Target"" is she.
Salamanders are the most passive aggressive animal. You grab their tail and they're like ""have that one, I don't even want it""
Q: What do you call cheese that isn't yours? A: Nacho cheese.
Why did the cows come back to the marijuana field? The pot was calling the cattle back
I like my women like I like my coffee I hate coffee.
*aggressively keeps eye contact with attractive people to let them know I mean business*
How to break up with someone: You: Your ex is attractive. Partner: Which one? You: ME. You: BYEEEE
Never under estimate the value of stretching...the truth.
I went on a boat trip around Paris, ...it was in-seine!
Cocaine is never a solution... Unless it's dissolved in water.
Why did the ghost cross the road to get to the ""Other Side"".
""well well well, if it isn't the person who didn't like my Instagram photo"" is how i like to address pretty much everyone
I just got an email offering ""free bible verses"". You know, because who can afford bible verses?
Never eat spoiled meat Or spoiled eggs
I like my coffee like I like my slaves... ...Free
I used to think that ""Lacrosse""... Was what the French called that thing that Jesus carried on his back.
Where does Dracula live? Monte Cristo
The Camping Chemist Why do chemists never do well on camping trips? Because they pack titrations.
I'm gonna make like a standards censor and get the fuck outta here.
BREAKING NEWS: California's drought is over Water supply flourishing from the tears of the racist, homophobic, and conservative southerners.
ISIS should hire me... I have a lot of experience when it comes to bombing, especially on final exams.
The secret to my success lies with you having a poor grasp on it's definition.
One agent stops by another agent's table to tell him the big news: ""Elvis just died!""  The second agent says nothing then starts nodding. ""Good career move.""
What game do they play at Mexican carnivals? Guaca-mole!
Sorry I got confused & grabbed your fist bump like a doorknob.
Apparently SeaWorld CEO has declared an end to kissing and dancing for its performing Orcas... Now those whales will know how I felt at my high school prom!
Why did Hitler suicide? He got the gas bill
Diamonds are a girl's best friend until you realize they turn you into a shallow ho
What does an Ent want? A bad birch.
I think back to all the times I've masturbated up until now... ...its just nice to know how far I've cum.
Life hack: McDonald's will deliver if you tell them that you are holding Ronald hostage for a ransom of [your desired food order]
I read an actual newspaper today! For those of you who don't understand, a newspaper is like the Internet but made of paper.
For two years in high school, I took guitar lessons. Something interesting I learned is that guitar resale nets a 45% loss.
The Pink Panther's To Do list: - To do - To do - To do, to do, to do, to do, to doooo
I Like My Coffee How I Like My Women Tied up in a burlap sack and dragged through the Andes by a donkey.
I love posting spam. Although, I've been warned again by the Royal Mail not to mail bits of meat in the post.
Q: What kind of lettuce did they serve on the Titanic? A: Iceberg.
It's been about 3 years since my last drink and I'm still hungover.
look son, i kinda need you to go to hong kong & win a martial arts tournament to the death for me because i sorta told my neighbor you did
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? It's a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
TIL That I'm NEVER getting prostate cancer
Whats that over there? I don't know but i think i just got a raging clue
I was told the Highlander was stopping by a Mexican nightclub When I showed up to the party, there was only Juan.
I just picked a Chapstick up from my bedside table, spent 30 seconds trying to get the lid off with my teeth, then realized it was a battery
They should just rename double stuffed Oreos to regular Oreos. And rename regular Oreos to ""Do it Yourself Double Oreo Kits"".
A group of mountain climbers once heard Father Christmas go past. They must have had sharp ears! They were mountain-ears!
When your girlfriend is PMS'ing, cheer her up by showing her that ""totally weird"" text you got from your ex last night.
i put tinder on my kindle it burst into flames
What do you call... ...a man with no arms and no legs in the ocean? Bob
Whenever I show someone a picture on my phone, I assume ninja stance in case they start scrolling.
I have an internet porn addiction. i really should beat it...
What do you get when you mix a public speaker with someone who had tourettes? A clock! One provides the tic, the other provides the talk Credit to my Autistic Big Bro
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster and a prostitute with IBS? Well, one you have to shuck between fits...
Who won the Tour de France in 1940? the Sixth German Panzer Division
I wish my wife was better in bed. <sighs> <disables autocorrect> I wish my WiFi was better in bed.
Oscar Isaac wasn't nominated so far despite his performances in Inside Llewyn Davis and Ex Machina Talk about an Oscar being snubbed
Why are atoms so serious? Because they're no laughing matter.
""But what about all the Positive Nancys?"" ~ a Nancy, complaining like usual
A tragic haiku hipsters panicking need a new pretentious food quinoa's too mainstream
A drummer trips and falls on a sheep, a candy brand, and then a running faucet *Baa Dum tss*
If it wasn't for the internet, I would think ""12 Years A Slave"" was a movie about a guy exaggerating about the first 3 weeks of marriage.
I don't live in my mother's basement... I live in your mother's basement.
How do deaf mathematicians communicate? Through sine language.
Teacher: Why have you got cotton wool in your ears do you have an infection ? Pupil: Well you keep saying that things go in one ear and out the other so I am trying to keep them it all in!
""You the bomb."" ""No, you the bomb."" In America, a compliment. In the Middle East, an argument.
What does the license plate of the sheep farmer say? Ewe haul.
What do you call a Mexican baptism? A bean dip.
Have you heard about Samsung's new video game based on the Galaxy Note 7? They're calling it Mass Defect.
Why did Van Gogh become a painter? Because he didn't have an ear for music.
What is smaller than a teeny weenie fly? A fly's teeny weenie.
Just found out that umbrellas open up. I always wondered why my rain stick never kept me dry. We never stop learning do we.
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb...? ...to get to the other side
Have you seen www.veryangry.com? No AND STOP ASKING ME STUPID QUESTIONS!
Ever wonder about those people who spend $2.00 on those little bottles of Evian water? Try spelling Evian backwards.
What's every movie critic's favorite cooking ingredient? Michael Bay Leaves.
Some joke my dad told me a long time ago What's one profession that doctors, lawyers, even the king of Saudi Arabia and the presidents of the USSR and US bow their heads to? Barbers.
Lovey dovey couples look best when viewed through the scope of a high powered rifle.
Gotta love those girls in department stores wearing lab coats--taking time away from their experiments to help women out with their makeup.
Green Lantern That name has a nice ring to it
Why was the pig happy when reviewers criticized his story? Because they called it garbage.
Why is the upcoming Windows OS called Windows 10? Because 7 ate 9...
A baby of few hours old is third in line for the highest title in the UK.
Messi carrying Argentina. Neymar carrying Brazil. British Airways carrying England
My wife and I just made a porno. Too bad she's my late wife.
Dance like no one is watching! Comment like you don't live in your mom's basement!
What do you call a rough Italian neighborhood? A Spaghetto
What does a Pirate say on his Eightieth birthday? AYE MATEY!
Dear Americans: It's called snow. It's cold and wet, but can't hurt you from inside the house. It has no opposable thumbs. #AskCanada
What's the difference between a white story and a black story? A white story starts with ""Once Apon a Time"" and a black story starts with ""Y'all ain't gonna believe this""
Why do I like sweet potatoes? Cuz they're yammy!!!
What's the difference between MLK day and St Patrick's day? Nobody minds being Irish for one day!!!!
""I made $200.05 giving BJ's to people yesterday."" ""Who gave you a nickel?"" ""Everyone did.""
What do you call a hooker with no limits? Your mom.
Boy, your name must be Adobe cuz when you call me up for a date, I say ""Ask me again later.""
Imagine if last names were invented now, so instead of ""Smith"" and ""Baker" we had ""Frontenddeveloper"" and ""Socialmediaconsultant.""
Detective: how were u able to do it? Serial Killer: thanks to the flexibility of Uber. I was able to work my own hours and still murder
What do they feed a gorilla when he goes to  Paris? Ape Suzettes!
Kids these days think Christmas is all about getting presents instead of celebrating the birth of Santa Claus.
How to avoid clickbait? clearly, you wouldn't know...
I saw my brother kiss my uncle today. I'm starting to think he's relatively gay.
What did Hitler's cat think of the Holocaust? It was purrfect.
did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic!
What breathes out but never in? Your asshole
What's the worst cut of steak? Amazon Prime.
My wife is like a treasure You'll need an accurate map and a fucking shovel to find her.
A man walks into a bear... He is mauled to death.
When Canada abolished the penny there was no public protest at all... ...I guess Canada fears change
Grandpa looks at his grandson and says, ""Go hide! Your teacher is here because you skipped school today."" The grandson says, ""No, you go hide. I told her you were dead!""
Being God means never having to say you're sorry. Or anything, really.
A solid way to make your waiter's head explode is to order a grilled cheese with no bread.
""Hey dad! Did you get a haircut?"" ""No. I got them all cut.""
A guy walks into a bar... He says ouch.
All the kids had a name except
Mickey is getting a divorce ""mickey mouse it says you want to divorce minnie because she was...... extremely silly?"" ""no, i said she was fucking goofy""
hey maybe ur parents care so much about ur birthday becuase it celebrates how long theyve been able to keep something alive for
I just watched a documentary on marijuana They should all be watched that way
My friends recently got some copy of his grandfather's auschwitz diaries. They're a little brief though. Day 1: Showers
If intelligent people don't start procreating faster than the trash in ""Here Comes Honey Boo Boo" we're all heading towards a very  dismal future. Am I the only one seeing this?
George washington said ""We would have a black president when pigs fly!"" ... well, swine flu.
Wheres the best place to hide a body? Page 2 of google search results
It turns out smoking prevents Alzheimers. You don't live long enough to develop it.
What happened before the Big Bang? Of course, The Big Foreplay.
An introvert looks down at his own shoes. An extrovert looks at other people's shoes.
My running tights are giving me a mean camel toe. I'm going to wear my ""Mind the Gap"" t-shirt to the gym
What dinosaur has the best vocabulary? The bronthesaurus.
What is the difference between the people in Dubai &amp
All I'm saying is, China could have a much better relationship with the West if they shared their dragons with us but whatever be that way.
An orange juice factory decides to host a movie night.. They will be screening Pulp Fiction
I don't care about heaven when I die I just want to know which words I used the most and how many bears I unknowingly walked by &other stats
Level of Spanish - I understand what's going on by the intonation.
4yo: Raise your hand if you are young Me: *raises hand 4yo: No, daddy, not you.
Dear people with resolutions, Please bring all your unwanted.. bread, junk food, soda, drugs, and alcohol to my house. Thanks.
Why is there only women's studies in college, but not men's? Because we call men's studies history.
My welcome mat says, ""Oh shit! Not you again!""
All police should quit, just to teach us a lesson. We'll beg them to beat and gas us, but they'll be like nope, you didn't appreciate it
After viewing The Aristocrats, What are Redditors version of this joke. Surely this place can come up with some pretty dirty shit for this one.
Joke What is a bed's motto
I don't envy mama birds for how they have to feed their babies, but the pushing them out of the nest part sounds fun.
did you hear about the man who cooled to absolute zero? he is OK now.
As a quiet and skinny person, I feel like we should charge loud and fat people more to ride the subway. It won't be difficult to implement either. All we would need to do is charge them by volume.
Did you hear Ellen DeGeneres drowned? They found her face down in Rikki Lake
Turns out you have to *tell* a guy you're going out, otherwise you just end up standing on his doorstep wondering why he's in his sweats.
I tried to walk into Target... But I missed. - Mitch Hedberg RIP.
How lost members does it take to change a lightbulb?
If I were British these tweets would be worth 1.61 times as much.
What's similar between Gump and Trump? They are both mentally challenged and ""just felt like runnin'""
What did the plant say to the other plant that it really liked alot? let me be your *soil*mate
I'm fed up with all that Superman crap. He saves old women & extinguish fires, but when he flies over Africa, he pretends he doesn't see us?
I went to the fancy dress shop the other day but they couldn't help me complete my wizard costume You just can't get the staff.
Relationship status: My sex toys have 2 drawers now.You know you're getting old when everything either dries up or leaks
Confucius say when mosquito land on testicle, you learn to solve problem without violence
Why don't women like drinking beer at the beach? Because they'll get sand in their schlitz.
Who me? Ohhh, I'm just driving around town, painting ""free candy"" on the side of creepy looking vans.
Henry Tudor: ""I'm going to build a car park in the centre of Leicester."" Richard III: ""Over my dead body.""
Gaining weight when you are still owing me money is a sign of disrespect
They say money doesn't grow on trees So what are hedgefunds then?
Me: Play dead My Dog: *drives to my office and starts doing my job*
Bum at the bus stop, lady walks up with dress up her crack, bum discretely pulls it out, lady slaps him, [hand gesture pushing it back into crack]
I remember 2016 As if it were a normal year.
""I don't want you to freak out, but..."" - someone with a shaky grasp of how anxiety works
Your porn name is your first pet and the street you grew up on? So my porn name is Glenn Beck? Fuck that shit!
A child was born with no eyelids, so doctors created some using his foreskin It worked okay, but he was a little cockeyed
That awkward moment when Chris Brown sees a hot chick and says ""I'd hit that.""
THE XBOX IS BEING ATTACKED! Here Comes The Ambulance Wii U Wii U Wii U
Being Poor A man complains to his wife saying, ""We're so poor we can't even afford punchlines to our jokes!"" And she says...
Do not break eye contact with your waitress as you put the spaghetti in your wallet.
I'd hate to play baseball with the witches from Macbeth Because they think that Fair is Foul and Foul is Fair.
Once a clock was very tired.. What does that clock say at 1 o'clock night? 1 AM feeling very sleepy.
I lost 40 Pounds in 4 months!! I didn't realize the British stock market was so volatile.
Why did the Chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide
Salesman: first time buying a motorcycle? Me: that obvious? Salesman: nobody asks ""how loud is the vroom?"" they ask ""what's the vroomage?""
*drinks small coffee after 8pm* *spends rest of life on internet*
Why do pigs have flat snouts? From running in to trees.
How do you break up with a farmer long-distance? A John Deere letter.
Bruce Willis found dead.... ....bored with acting
so true story, i just mindlessly outstretched my fingers to graze the rear end of a Macy's mannequin that turned out to be a real human man
I don't know what it is, but there is something strangely sexy about the way my grandad gets down doggystyle so I can wipe him. nevermind.
My dad told me he was gay, i didnt believe him until my other dad comfirmed it
How do they practice safe sex in Wyoming? They mark the sheep that kick.
A jaguar asked an colourful arsehole with a big nose to join him in hide and seek... Toucan play that game.
e=mc2 was just Einstein comparing himself to other rappers
Coworker: What book you reading there? Me: 'How To Kidnap A Coworker' CW:... Me: Not you, Karen. A pretty one.
Her: Wasn't it fun cutting down our own Christmas tree? Me: Yea, especially when that guy chased us out of his yard...
Maybe being fat isn't bad, it just sounds awful because we say 'morbidly obese'. Let's switch it to 'cheerfully obese' and see what happens.
Apparently my friends came up with this joke about my penis but nobody will tell me it... They keep telling me it's too long
Your personality finally matches your looks. That's not a compliment.
What's the difference between a everyone and a bullet? Everyone misses Harambe.
On Canada Day, I like to say ""HAPPY CANADA DAY!"" to people. But quietly. And from a distance. I don't want to be a bother.
I spilled skittles down my pants. Do you want to taste the rainbow? #badpickuplines
Why did the trout leave the cult? They were too sacrifishal
I'm not saying we should kill all the stupid people in the world, I'm just saying we should remove the warning labels from everything and let the problem take care of itself.
Why do female drivers sit higher up in their seats than male drivers? Because they're sitting on a box.
Home Depot law decrees that if two dads are pushing carts down the same isle, the dad with the greater mustache has the right of way.
Whats the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the south? Nothing, because either way, someone is losing their trailer.
I like to nickname my penis Buzz Lightyear Because he likes to travel to the star and beyond
What did the confused bee say ? To bee or not to bee !
What's your favourite food if you hate Microsoft Word? TeX-MeX
Should I bring anything to your party besides pronounced social anxiety and no food
Myth: Have kids close in age. It gets easier and they'll have a friend to play with Fact: They'll fight. Every hour. Every day.
If you ever Google ""Grandfather Clock"", be careful how you spell that shit.
""I'M GOING BANANAS!!!"" ...is what I tell my bananas when I leave the house.
I always wink at the local Funeral Director, because he will be the last one to see me naked, and I don't want it to be awkward.
Say friends, why is it tough to play poker with cattle farmers? They're always raising the steaks!
What's the difference between John Kenndy Jr. and Ted Kennedy? Ted can swim away from an accident.
hello id like a reservation for two. also what is yr policy on cats. i wanna bring like seven cats. ive practiced fitting them on one chair
An Eel asked an Eagle: do you know why we can't team up? Eagle: No, why? Eel: Because it would be EEL-Eagle!
what did lowes say when home depot kickcked him in the crotch ouch menards (my nards). lolz
Him: you are correcting my every word for the last six years of our marriage Me: for the last 7 years
A man starts a line of pickled venison ... ...the most popular flavor so far is dill doe.
How do you know someone is a Bernie Sanders supporter? Don't worry, he'll fucking tell you.
My wife was captured by a gang of mimes. They did unspeakable things to her.
Girls aren't friends with other girls. They are just future enemies.
A guy walks into a drs office with a carrot in his ear.. ..and a piece of broccoli up his nose. The Dr told him he isn't eating right.
Ever wondered why is being gay a sin? It's simple. We all know 69 as a sex position. Satan's own number is 666. Now think about gays, and 666 as a sex position.
My three biggest fears are mouses, wolfs & proper pluralization.
When I was a little kid, I had this friend that was always counting. I wonder what he's up to these days.
I was nervous leaving my ex in the backyard with my wife. I'll put a patio on them later.
Did you hear about the brake pedal who had to leave his job? He had to stop when he got depressed
What do you call customers at Lidl? Lidl people.
Tell me I'm beautiful ""You're beautiful"" Tell me I'm a genius ""You're a genius"" Tell m- ""Just give me the toilet paper, please""
What kind of dog can jump higher than a building? Any dog. A building can't jump.
""We don't serve time travellers here"" said the bartender... ""We don't serve time travellers here"" said the bartender. A time traveller walks into a bar.
What does a bungie jumper and a condom wearer have in common? If the rubber snaps they're screwed. &lt
I've just started work as a human chess piece. The money's good, I'm on knights this week.
What do Hispanic midgets cut their pizza with? Little Caesar's
Crocs are suicide notes you can wear.
Wearing sunglasses inside is a great way to let people know that you should be hated unconditionally
So I was feeling really depressed due to the attack in Paris... I phoned the Islamic Samaritans. When I said I was feeling suicidal they got all excited and asked if I knew how to fly a plane.
Movie Names For Your Penis There Will Be Blood YOUR TURN
How my day went today 1. Woke up 2. Went to work 3. Saw hot girl 4. Kissed the girl Too bad it happened in the order 2,3,4,1.
I always get nervous before injections so I shut my eyes. I usually end up stabbing the chair.
I stab myself a little bit every day to slowly build up an immunity to being stabbed to death.
I like to leave my gas cap hanging off when I'm on a date so when people start honking and waving I can wave back like I'm famous
Learning how to say ""where the hell am I?"" in eight languages. Just in case.
I Used to do Drugs I still do, but I used to too
Did you know that Truett Cathy, Founder of Chick-fil-A, wanted a CFA sandwich for his last meal? Unfortunately, he died on a Sunday.
Here's to the stork that brings good babies... ""Here's to the stork that brings good babies, the crow that brings bad babies, and the swallow that brings no babies at all!""
Me and the other guys from the circus.... ... took a night off to see some stand-up comedy but he was really mean and cutting. He went straight for the juggler.
A racist joke What is the difference between a pizza and a black guy? A pizza can feed a family of four.
[Library] MAN: Do you have books on fire? LIBRARIAN: Yes, in the Chemistry section MAN: Come on boys! *Swarms of firemen enter with hoses*
I'm going to adopt a tapeworm. Perfect pet, cheap to feed, doesn't pee, bark, chew stuff or sit on your head. Best bit, it makes you skinny.
50% of mariachi bands end in divorciachi.
When it comes to the topic of body dysmorphia and gender assumptions, i'm not a fan. Infact I identify more closely to an air conditioning unit.
what do you call a cat that copies off others' exam papers? a cheetah
Why do the bees have honey? Because they have a queen. If they had a parliament, they would have had nothing.
Titanic sank 103 years ago... ...making it the only thing your mom didn't go down on! Hi-YO!
Had to pause Willy Wonka & The Chocolate Factory to go buy a king sized Snickers. This is why i can not watch Breaking Bad.
""I gave him the what for!"" ""What for?"" ""Because he deserved it, that's what for!""
Sometimes I'll just go ""liking"" some shit on the Internet and I honestly don't even know if I really mean it.
A rabbi a priest and a crocodile walk into a bar Chuck Norris mother fuckers.....whoooooooooooooo
Kid 1 swallows coin= rush to ER Kid 2 swallows coin= wait til it passes Kid 3 swallows coin= deduct from allowance.
Did you hear about the cannibal who visited the ICU ward? His doctor told him to eat more vegetables.
*stares at phone* why cant i sleep *puts phone face-up on bed, the screen brigtness bathes my room in a light mor powerfubl than the sun* oh
It's like these people that have to shop at Goodwill don't even realize how lucky and trendy they are!
Dave's Adventure In A Cave (Limerick) There once was a man named Dave, who found a dead whore in a cave. She was ugly as shit and missing one tit, but think of the money he saved!
A homeless lady agreed to let me take her home I don't understand why she got pissed when I loaded the cardboard box in my pickup truck.
We need to get into the fertilizer industry... I hear business is booming.
I'm not saying don't trust the internet, but there's an alarming discrepancy in the number of Ipads I've won & the number of Ipads I own.
What do you get when you combine 99 lesbians and a politician? 100 people that don't do dick
I like to end all my phone calls with ""Ok, I'll see you later on at the party!"" and then quickly hang up. Let them figure it out.
You can tell a lot about my BF by the way he's giving me the silent treatment. He's doing it wrong. I'm doing it right but can't tell him.
what do you call a hooker with a runny nose? full.
What is it called when sensitive medical information about a very fat patient is disclosed? A hippo violation
Every woman thinks her husband is a moron. And they're absolutely right because smart men don't get married.
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her pussy? Only one retarded thing came out of her pussy.
There's been a whole lot of office Romance since I became self employed...
Doctor: How long has this been bothering you? Women: It started after work 2 days ago at 7pm. Men: I think it started in the 90's.
Some people are complaining about the Trump Presidency... But it's oKKK with me!
So a duck walks into a bar... He waddles over to a seat and settles in. The bartender says ""Hey there, what can I get for you?"" And the duck says ""I... I don't know. I've never made it this far.""
""Hot damn!"" - the Nazi's probably after their dams were destroyed. I don't know
Who is the king of the pencil case? The Ruler
Why was the lion-tamer fined ? He parked on a yellow lion !
""It's not a colonoscopy, it's a colonoscpportunity!"" - gastroenterologist who is also a motivational speaker
Why was diarrhoea classified under hereditary diseases? It runs in the Jeans.
""I ruined my health by drinking to everyone Else's.""
Shit. Gotta huge job interview tomorrow and I have no clue where I put my prom dress
How do you think bus driver interviews go? Applicant: Sorry I'm late! Interviewer: You're hired!
Today somebody told me about a bear that climbs a mountain... ...But the story goes downhill from there.
I'm going to talk to my broker today about cashing in some of my stocks. And by that I mean, ""taking all my change to the coinstar machine""
What do a guitar and a drum have in common? Neither of them are a clarinet!
Rick Astley asked to borrow my Pixar collection. I said ""Rick, you can have Toy Story, Cars &amp
What do Jews love most about their mobile phones? They can charge them.
If you take longer than 10 seconds at the hand dryer, I will wipe my hands on the back of your shirt.
I don't have a girlfriend.... I just know a few people who would get mad if I said that.
What will Kayne West's political leaning be if he runs for President? West wing
Did you hear what that guy said to the Reddit moderator the other day? **[Deleted]**
Why does it take Sarah Palin so long to get ready in the morning? Because she has two faces.
I hope I get a watch for Christmas! Because there's no present like the time.
During WW2, oil shortages forced some countries to start using organic fuels. Mussolini made the trains run on thyme.
What's God's favorite guitar chord? G sus
ME [yelling down into a volcano]: You shut your stupid Earth mouth
How much does a Rabbi charge for circumcision? Nothing. He just keeps the tips.
What do you call an Ethiopian with a dog? Stupid.
I bet there are muppets that have thought about shanking Elmo.
Girls look back at your wedding photos, if you are fatter than that, he is not happy..
Guys, I know Michael Jordan very well... .. He just doesn't know me.
I'll do your taxes for free if you tell my mom we're dating.
My Home Internet Password 2kids1dog. Thats an orgy I don't want to be apart of.
I've decided to give karate a break for a little while... I guess you could say I am going on a HI-YA-tus.
I think my blind girlfriend just broke up with me She said she wanted to see other people.
Why did no one like the Archer Because he was too arrowgant!
Wife sneezed... ... and told me she was allergic to my hotness. My response: so do you break out in sex?
What do you call a woman who is paralyzed from the waist down? Wife.
What do you call a psychic midget that escapes prison? A small medium at large.
My friend told me he is FINALLY going to watch the Back to the Future series. ""It's about time" I told him.
Apparently, people in Dubai don't like the Flintstones... ...But people in Abu Dhabi DOOOOOOO!
I'VE GOT GOATLIKE SPEED & REFLEXES ""Don't you mean catlike-"" BAAAH [Climbs on top of roof and begins eating shingles]
Instead of complaining that it's hard to remove glitter, accept it. Embrace it. You are a shiny person now.
Pro debating tip: Shave one eyebrow and draw a new one really high.
I decided to play agar.io again... Now I hate my cellf
Me: My room is in shambles. Where do I start cleaning!? *5mins later* Me: I need a new room.
Let he has never told a bad joke Cast the first tomato
I'm lucky enough to be ambidextrous. It's just a shame I'm a lefty.
Looked up from my phone for a few minutes. Wasn't worth it.
(climbing out of my coffin) I'm sure you all have a lot of questions, but firstly the reason I faked my death is- [nobody is at my funeral]
The TV remote, the G-spot and black dads. Some things are just made not to be found.
My diet could best be described as, ""unchaperoned child at a birthday party.""
I met the inventor of the trampoline. He's an all round nice guy, but a bit jumpy.
Three friends partner to setup a law firm. They are Ivanna Firm, Harry Butt and Richard Ox.
What's the difference between a captain and a lt.col ? A major difference.
The awkward moment when you think a customer is a salesperson.
I identify as a sexual atheist With a strong belief that I will never get laid.
when i hear fat people say that they've made mistakes, i always think to myself, ""yeaa...at the grocery store.""
Glad I spent 40 minutes getting my 1 year old dressed so she could go outside for 3 seconds.
I once shot a deer in my pajamas... How it got in my pajamas, I will never know.
Planning on starting a restaurant called 'Cobalt 60'. Food will obviously be something to die for.
Why shouldn't you write with a dull pencil? It's pointless
A magic genie granted a man one wish. ""I wish I had a dick that touched the floor"" the man said. The genie then snapped his fingers and *poof* The man's legs disappeared.
Niggawatt Def: theoretical unit of work. The amount of work 1 black man can produce in 1 hour.
The more vital your research, the less people will understand it.
Critics are calling my performance of Wife Pretending To Care About Her Husband's Work Story ""emotionally charged"" and ""daring"".
Just ONCE, I'd like took deep into your beautiful eyes, and make hot sweet love with you without some pop-up window ruining the mood.
Non alcoholic beer is like eating out your sister Tastes the same as others, but it just isn't right...
The second I sense someone about to ask for a bite of what I'm eating, I immediately shove the whole damn thing in my mouth & look baffled.
If you accidentally use Pam cooking spray instead of Off... It still works, because the mosquitoes just slide off your legs.
Today's menu: 1 gallon of attitude, 3 cups of sarcasm, 2 tbsp of leave me the hell alone, and a generous cup of shut the f*ck up!
Gonna get a tattoo of two big trucks crashing into each other and then maybe there's like a scorpion on the side of the road doing push-ups.
Did you know that Princess Diana was on her cell phone when she died? She was also on the dashboard, the windscreen, the roadside...
Chemistry Joke (maybe) Bro catches his bro red handed... Bro mine :D
A man who worked at a fire hydrant factory was always late for work. When confronted by his boss the man explained: ""You can't park anywhere near this place!""
Pretty typical that a female Asian drove Reddit into a ditch, and now a white man has to dig it out.
The guy who invented throat lozenges died last week. There was no coffin at the funeral
Whenever I stub my toe I automatically blame and hate the next person I see.
What do you call ten German men standing abreast, walking backward? [OC] A receeding Herr line.
I'm so introverted I won't even talk to myself.
What smells better than it taste? A nose
If the police really wanted DUI checkpoints to be effective, they'd set them up inside Taco Bell drive-thrus.
In the future when cats rule the world, the currency will be Cuteness and i will be a poor and lonely man
Where did little Timmy go during the bombing? Everywhere
Nsfw. My wife and I had not had sex in a couple months but this morning she woke up randy... He is our neighbor and said her music was up too loud. We still havent had sex.
What's the definition of a Mistress? Oh, I don't know. Probably something between a Mister and a mattress.
It is said that the Welsh were the first to use condoms, by making them out of sheep intestines. But the English perfected this technique by removing them from the sheep first.
What's fun about having sex with twenty-one year olds? You know, there is twenty of them
How many dead baby's does it take to paint a wall? _
Gassy Joke What makes a Mexican gassy? Taco night. What makes a white person gassy? Chipotle. What makes a Jew gassy? Auschwitz
How do you know you're golfing with a politician? When they get a hole-in-one they write down *zero* on the scorecard.
Husband: are you cooking something? Me: of course not Husband: the oven timer just went off Me: oh yeah, take the wine out of the freezer
In Flint, Michigan, students have no difficulty learning A  G and P  Z. The problem's H to O.
Fun fact, clown fish are edible. But be forewarned, they taste funny.
What do you call an ant in space ? Cosmonants & Astronants !
Why did the chicken cross the road? I don't fucking know. Chickens don't even know what roads are he probably thought it was a field.
What's the name of a computer that turned into a singer A dell.
Who is the drummer for the Mexican Beatles? Gringo Starr
Where do naughty rays of light go? Prism (Note: I made this joke up. Sorry if this little note refracts from the humour.)
What kind of jokes do bad comedians tell their audience? Bad jokes.
Spent most of my early twenties trying to open a pistachio.
JEDI WHO INVENTED LIGHTSABER: ok its a destructive laser sword so maybe we shoudnt wear anythig too flowy JEDI IN CHARGE OF COSTUMES: ...OORR
ME: *tells joke* WIFE: ugh, that was funny in middle school [later] ME [at a local middle school]: so have you all heard the one about th
You know those little helmet stickers some football teams use to reward personal achievement? Bald guys should do that.
Sneaking alcohol into work is pretty easy if you put it in your stomach first.
I'm really bad at understanding some common phrases and vice versa.
*bank* 'miss, it says here that your debt is outstanding' *twirls hair* oh yeah? well i think your debt is pretty cool too
I'm on that new diet where you eat everything and hope for a miracle.
9/11 jokes are just plane wrong. Write any other jokes about 9/11
Man has sex with dead corpse That's my fetish.
After much deliberation, the Cambridge University Netball Team.... ...decided not to abbreviate their name
What did the asian parents call their retarded son? Sum ting wong
What do you get when you cross a Mexican and a nigger? Someone who is too lazy to steal.
Why is Santa Claus always so happy? He knows where all the bad girls live
My girlfriend keeps telling all her friends I'm racist.. typical lying Mexican.
Judge: how do you plead? Me: [looks at lawyer] Lawyer: [mouths ""not guilty""] Me: hot milky L: *bangs head on desk* FFS just lock him up
If I were Stevie Wonder I would say ""I'll believe it when I see it"" in response to pretty much anything just to piss people off.
Interviewer: Where do you see yourself in 5 years? Me: Wow. Nobody's ever asked me that. Interviewer: Take a minute to th- Me: Arendelle.
This post just says it all! It all
Prince: Rapunzel, let down your hair. Rapunzel: Hair, you'll never be beautiful, you'll always have split ends. *hair is super let down*
Hello Darkness, my old frie- *the lights suddenly turn on* oh it's like that now?
There's this girl I know, and I'm like a god to her. Because I'm always watching her. And she's never seen me.
Me and my wife are into S&amp
i'm working on a porn filtering app that would show only vanilla porn... but I can't work out the kinks
My friend is convinced he has the biggest balls in the world He's so egotestical.
Brangelina is no more. And it's really sad to see that Brad Pitt is now just 'Br' while Angelina Jolie gets her whole forename back.
This Halloween, make your friends run in terror by walking into their parties as ""guy with acoustic guitar"".
How do you know if you're a necrophiliac? You get mourning wood.
What do gnomes fear most about Christmas? They're afraid Father Christmas will give them the sack!
How many of my fellow Germans does it take to change a lightbulb? Only one of course, as we are highly efficient and have absolutely no sense of humour.
Lawyers and computers have both been proliferating since 1970. Unfortunately, lawyers, unlike computers, have not gotten twice as smart and half as expensive every 18 months.
I like my asshole just like my women's pussy Without some other guy's dick in it
Nephew: What's love? Me: Well, all the women text you except the one you like. And it hurts, so we drink. Sister: Get away from him!
What does a tornado and a redneck divorce have in common? In the end, someone is going to lose a trailer.
I like homophobes Homophones, I mean homophones!
Where does a pirate go on vacation? Arrrrrland.
I killed a girl who posted too many selfies.I think i can claim selfie-defence.
I wish todays youth had to endure the humiliation of having your dad pick up the landline phone and start dialing while you're talking on it
So a polar bear walks into a bar... and says, ""I'll have a gin.....and tonic"" The bartender says, ""What's with the big pause?"" And the polar bear says, ""Oh, I've always had them.""
In the news today What do Aaron Hernandez and Edward Snowden have in common? They're both expatriots (expatriates).
When a child whines and cries, you give it back to the mama, so... *hands husband back to my mother-in-law*
What did the blonde say when she saw a banana peel? aw shit imma fall again
I wish Twitter would add bold or italics or meaning to my life.
Did you know that all of the trigonometric functions are female? Yup, They all have periods!
What's the difference between a feminist and a gun? A gun only has one trigger.
Tonight is bad for me. Could everyone arrange to Wang Chung maybe some time early tomorrow afternoon?
While escaping from the police, what did one bug say to the other? You butterfly!
What is Carroll Shelby's favorite food? A torque-y sandwich.
I like my Wifi like I like my sex... Unprotected.
Steve was walking down the street, when he came across a police officer and was promptly arrested for indecent exposure
My prison cell-mate just asked me if I was tight. Why does he care about how I spend my money?
What do you call it when a chameleon won't change colors? A reptile dysfunction
What Does A Tickle Me Elmo Get Before It Leaves The Factory? Two Test-Tickles
Man with 5 penises A man has 5 penises and when one of his friends found out, they asked him ""How do your pants fit?"" The man responded, ""Like a glove"".
There's a Bush and a Clinton running for president next year.
What's the difference between my dick and my jokes? My girlfriend never laughs at my jokes
SWAG is for BOYS and CLASS is for MEN.
Inside jokes are bitterly resented by the homeless.
I'm just saying, a cartoon character facebook pic isnt going to stop a child abuser! If you see one, call the cops, bam, done.
Why do adrenaline junkies enjoy camping? Because it is in tents
How do you know you've been making too many jokes? When the wordplay becomes wordwork.
I wish the Antiques Roadshow guy had just told me how much my swords were worth without getting all nosy about where the blood came from.
Doctor Doctor I swallowed a bone. Are you choking? No I really did!
So I heard Donald Trump is running for president again. You guys know that if he wins, we'll all be f****d, right? That's right. Fired. 
Usually chocolate makes me hyper but my dog ate a pack of Snickers and he's been asleep for hours. Haha wake up so we can play, little guy.
Lifeguards wouldn't let Obama in the pool because he had weeping *legions*
The Discovery Channel should be on a different channel every day.
My school always awarded dictionaries to the spelling bee winners. Which was weird because it should actually be awarded to the losers.
What's Gordon Ramsay's least favorite movie? IT'S FROOOOOOOZZZZEEEN
A man asks a woman: ""-Did you know that laughter is second best way to convince a girl to have sex with you ? "" ""-Really, what is the first ?"" ""-A knife."" ""-Hahaha, you're so funny !"" ""-Good choice.""
I met a hot chick That girl was on fire.
What's a police officers favorite console? Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U. Edit: Gee Wilikers Batman I've got 151 upvotes yayyyyyy. :D
What do you call a bird that has been molested? Rustled Crow
Have you ever eaten African food... Neither have they
Steven Hawking walks into a bar... Just kidding.
How do you get into a Native American restaurant? [OC] You make a reservation
What did one crab say to the other? ""Damn this bitch is nasty!""
""Sorry I didn't reply to your email Terry, a wolf ripped my hands off... Oh these? Um, I got new hands? Gotta go!""
What is Peyton Manning's favorite Counting Crows song? Omaha
What doesn't kill you might come back to finish the job off so keep your wits about you.
An immigration officer asks a drunk man if he's Hungarian he says ""yep, but my name's not Arian""
How are wearing Crocs like having butt sex with a guy? It feels really good until you look down and realize you're gay.
What date is it today? 2nd April. Ha!! April fool!
Why was the killer whale fired from his restaurant job? Because he didn't serve a porpoise...
there are naturally attractive people and then there are people like me who take pictures from good angles with the right lighting
You really are the cat's pajamas, and by that I mean you're a stupid idea.
What does it say on Jerry Meyer-Cooper's tomb stone? And who the fuck is that?
There was a depressed sausage... he thought his life was THE WURST.
Kristen Stewart was raised by a pair of vacuum cleaners
What did one saggy boob say to the other  saggy boob? If we don't get some support soon people are going to think we're nuts.
Q:Of the set
Two cows are in a pasture. The first cow says, ""Moo."" The second cow says, ""Damn, man... I was just about to say that!""
My wife is getting rid of all the clutter. If you see the kids and me standing out by the street, it means we didn't make the cut this year.
The new strip club's sign said 'open to the public'. Until my friends stole the L.
Don't be ashamed of who you are That's your parents' job
So I'm in a hotel and call the front desk saying, ""Hey! I gotta leak in the sink!"" The clerk says, ""Go ahead, the customer's always right..."" (Henny Youngman)
*I throw u a kiss* *u duck* *it flies into space* [6 bn yrs later - the planet Xargx] LORD ZARG: Kill the- *kiss hits his cheek* LZ: Aww nvm
Why did the 3-legged dog go back to Dodge City?  To see who shot his ""paw.""
Walk in closets Walk-In Closet Why do chinesse make such terrible Estate agents? Because non of the customers are ever comfortable with the idea of buying a house with a Hawk in the closet.
I don't think it's called USA anymore, but DSA... The Divided States of America.
Pigeons always look like they're jamming out to an invisible iPod.
What happens when you fingerbang a gypsy on her period? You get your palm red.
Sometimes I get jealous of the lingo black people use that I can't use. Then I remember as a white person I have things I can say that they can't like. ""Hey dad."" Or ""Thanks for the warning officer""
It's that time of year again when I should really check in on my friends with pools or boats to see how they've been since last summer.
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. Unfortunately, the beer doesn't understand English commands. But the bartender can speak easy.
I told my ex I felt like killing her, and she said I needed professional help. I told her I don't have the money to hire a hitman.
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that the worst time to have a heart attack would be during a game of charades.
What's a homophobe's favorite drink? fruit punch
Freddie Gray's death was a real Homie-cide
What kind of house does Fonzie live in? An ""A"" frame...
I went through a Skrillex phase I had to stop though. It got expensive dropping everything all the time!
Did you hear about the car with wooden wheels, a wooden engine, and wooden doors? It wooden start
I'd be able to find affordable glasses... In an eye deal world.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
What do you call a nice Canadian meal on a colorful roof? Poutina.
What do you get when you cross a female tyrannosaur with a male tyrannosaur? Tyrannosaurus Sex! *I apologize deeply, I'm so...so sorry*
Is my iPhone named Freedom? Yes Do I never pick up phone calls on it? Also yes, because as an American, I let freedom ring
I broke up with my girlfriend because I like my women like I like my coffee Without other people's dicks in it.
Think smoking's ""COOL""? What if I do it in a leather jacket? ""COOL"" now? On a Harley? Still ""COOL""? While I kiss this model? Is that ""COOL""?
My friend tried playing Pokemon Go in Vegas, but sadly lost his phone. All he caught was herpes.
the true test of a child is not how he treats his friends, but how he treats Minecraft villagers
I just heard a woman in a supermarket say this to her 7 year old daughter... ""Don't spit! Ladies never spit!"" Fcuking. Priceless.
HER: your phone is exacerbating our problems *i pick up my phone* HER: your behavior is untenable ""hold on I'm still googling exacerbate""
What goes
Why are hula dancers so pretentious? Because their hips stir.
It'll be a cold day in hell. Cloudy in purgatory, with a slight chance of rain. And clear skies up in heaven. Now over to Jim with sports.
""Charlie, I want a divorce."" [in a black robe sacrificing a chicken on a satanic blood alter] Why?
What do feminists and zookeepers have in common? Nothing. Feminists have nothing in common with anyone.
Sometimes it is very important if a sentence was said by a man or a woman A good example: ""I used a whole pack of tissues during that awesome movie yesterday!""
A comedian walks into a bar full of r/historians.. [deleted]
There is absolutely nothing wrong with yelling ""I HAVE THE POWEEER!"" like He-Man after cooking an omelette that doesnt stick to the pan.
What is E.T. short for? He's only got little legs.
Italian Guy with a problem What do you call an Italian guy with one arm shorter than the other?  A Speech Impediment :)
I told my girlfriend that she drew her eyebrows too high She looked surprised.
*boss trying to relate to younger employees* ""Excited for the weekend? I know I'll be *looks down at Wikipedia print-out* Yoloing for sure!""
A foot fetishist had a bad experience in bed He got off on the wrong foot
When someone favorites instead of retweeting me I comfort myself by thinking ""they're just keeping me to themselves""
Where did the fortune-teller go on her  vacation? To Palm Beach.
A termite walks into a bar... ... and says, ""Hey, is the bar tender here?""
I saw a black guy riding a bike... At first I thought it was mine, then I realized mine is at home, washing the dishes.
Lawyers have feelings too.. ...allegedly.
If you message me with thanks, please include what you're thanking me for. I've been counting my money and sniffing my fingers all morning.
It's a shock to me that people actually pay their student loans. That's a bill I gave to Jesus
I have a hardcore yeast affection. I love breads and doughs.
You don't have to speak bird to know that when they chirp right outside your window they're asking for you to kill them.
You mama's so fat
How long after the first date should I wait before asking to get my bra & panties back?
What is Helen Keller's favorite color? Corduroy
Turns out chiropractors aren't actually dinosaurs.
So anyone know how much a Polar Bear weighs? About enough to break the ice...........
In many U.S. States offenders receive a harsher penalty for hitting a dog than they do for hitting a woman. That's outrageous either way you're slapping a bitch
What do you call a seven course Irish meal? A 6-pack and a potato.
What's green with a brown tip? The cucumbers in Elton John's fridge.
""I better pee first."" - me, before doing anything
So I heard you're having sex with fruit. What are you, fucking bananas?
ME: Excuse me...Where's the rowing boat equipment? EMPLOYEE: Keep going down there, Oar Aisle. ME: EMPLOYEE: ME: EMPLOYEE: ME: Or you'll what?
Who will pay ? If two gays are on a Date for the dinner,Who will pay the bill ?
Girl: Why are you so ugly? Boy: I'm you from the future.
I'm like a single electron... Sometimes, when no one is watching, I interfere with myself.
How does a Jewish mother change a lightbulb? ""No, that's all right. I'll just sit here in the dark.""
As he inserted the rectal thermometer, I got a painfully hard and obvious erection... ""Maybe you should wait outside whilst I examine your dog" said the vet.
How to give your woman 12 inches and make her bleed. Bang her twice and punch her in the mouth.
What does a caterpillar do on New Years Day ? Turns over a new leaf !
* Knock knock. - Who is there? * It's the police. We have received complaints about the noise.
I was told if I got robbed when I was camping, it would invalidate my insurance... They said if my tent gets stolen, I'll no longer be covered.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back when you throw it? a dead cat
What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaay
Where did Sally go when the bomb went off? EVERYWHERE
I just got a photo from a speeding camera through the mail... I just got a photo from a speeding camera through the mail. I sent it right back  way too expensive and really bad quality.
I just saw the movie 50 Shades of gray You could say it had a huge climax.
My boss has a rather shrill phone voice. I once spent 20m talking to him, before realizing it was actually someone trying to send us a fax.
This one is about a horse a horse steps in a puddle of mud
You stop bad music with a tuning fork. How do you stop bad singing? A pitchfork
What happens when you call a Trump supporter xenophobic? They do a quick google search and then agree with you.
Did you know Hitler's father was a cobbler? He made Jews.
[March 15] Brutus: Going 2 the senate? Caesar: yeah u? Brutus: yep it'll be killer Caesar: how so? Brutus: like cool u know rad senate stuff
So I beat a Russian Grand Master once. With his own cane.
What did the Buddhist monk say when he approached the hotdog stand? Make me one with everything.
So my neighbor asked me to fix her sink She's obviously never seen a porno because it's been an hour and I'm still fixing the damn sink
I met a girl last night at a bar... She said she wanted the night to be magical... So i fucked her and disappeared.
UK /r/jokesters, tell me the most British joke you can think of. The less my American brain can comprehend it, the better!
Setting up a Moses business would be simple except for one setback... Staff problems.
Fact: If you ever blow me a kiss, I'm catching it and sticking it down my pants.
I feel like my rear end turns into Billy Mayes whenever I get diarrhea... ""Butt wait, there's more!""
Q: Why can't Micheal J Fox draw a perfect circle? A: Because drawing a perfect circle is impossible for any human.
I can't afford Disney World so we go to the biggest hill on my street and my kids wait an hour before I roll them down in my office chair.
A frog can leap higher than a house ..partly because of the strength of its hind legs, but also because houses have difficulty jumping at all.
I kept pouring water on my Iphone.. because Siri won't tell me where the terrorists are.
What thinks the unthinkable? An ithe-berg
My girlfriend wanted a marriage just like a fairy tale... I gave her some bread crumbs and left her in the forest.
Cooking with Hitler Step 1. Turn on the gas
[wife frustrated] ""at least I didn't hook up the toilet wrong and tell everyone it's a bidet""
Just in time for Christmas. Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer: Teaching people that it is okay to make people outcasts for being different until that difference benefits someone since 1939.
How to Get There by Ridya Bike
I was up late last night, trying to figure out why the sun disappeared Then it dawned on me....
""We're still looking for a side project"" Tornado: *raises hand* we could flip houses ""We've been over this, it's not what you think it is""
It would be funny if we discover there are inhabitants on the comet... they would be comedians.
A father asked his son how baking school was going ""I knead some dough.""
A skinny guy with a 6-pack is like a fat chick with t*ts. It doesn't count
Sandwich walk into a bar/ The bartender said, sorry, we don't serve food.
Why did the polar bear join the terrorist group. Because that is where the ISIS.
Confucius say... ...sex on beach is like American beer, very near water.
I had a difficult childhood... I was brought up by a couple of alcoholics. I called them my Foster's parents.
Why did the ""M&M
At what age do kids stop remembering how often their parents are late picking them up from school because of online poker?
Whats the worst part about a black out in Detroit? All the pairs of floating eyes
Why did the robot cross the road? Because it was carbon bonded to the chicken.
A nun goes to the greengrocer, asking for a cucumber. ""Get 2"" he says. ""So you have one to eat""
Me: [Sits down to eat breakfast] Girlfriend: Babe, you forgot the French Toast Me: Oh sorry [raises glass] VIVE LA FRANCE!
I dumped my boyfriend with a lazy eye. Turns out he was seeing chicks on the side.
I just gave my cat some 7UP. Now he's got 16 lives.
What is a teenage girl's best friend? Passive-Aggression
Chemist have an unpopular view on alcohol... They say it's a solution.
Why do NBA players like poultry? Because they love to slam duck!
I paid a fish to come over to re-key my guitar, piano and drums. He was a professional tuna.
Jokes in English Doctor: ""I'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live."" Patient: ""What do you mean, 10? 10 what? Months? Weeks?!"" Doctor: ""Nine.""
What's grey and moves at a hundred miles an hour ? A jet propelled elephant !
I just think there are a lot more animals out there we could be eating.
President Obama had lunch today with Hillary Clinton. Hillary told the president, ""After phoning my top advisers, I think I'll run for office."" And the president said, ""I know. I listened in.""
I would most likely die like 45 minutes into a zombie apocalypse, and even more likely it would not be zombie apocalypse related.
What do midgets and dwarfs have in common? Just a little
My 1-year-old refused to wear her shoes and carried them around instead. She can barely walk and she's already the drunk girl at the party.
Which color confuses an idiot? Blue
A Guy Walks Into A Bar........ Wait For It........ ""Ouch""
You can get out of jury duty on the first day by blatantly winking at the defendant as you give them a double thumbs up.
I get out of awkward dinner party convos by telling people it's my first outing since the psychiatrist declared me unfit to stand trial
If you say ""gullible"" slowly it sounds like ""oranges"" Weird huh?
Why can't you tell Walter White a knock knock joke? Because HE is the one who knocks.
ISIS is taking back territory after a surprise turn of events. Their new partnership with Samsung is quickly paying off
A waiter walks up to a table of older Jewish folks... A waiter walks up to a table of older Jewish folks while they are eating and asks: ""Is ANYTHING alright?""
How do you call a black man flying a plane ? A pilot.
If you know the thread count on your bed sheets we're in different tax brackets.
How did the shrimp eat all the fish food? shellfishly
I've just started a band called 999 Megabytes. We haven't done a gig yet.
My best friend won't talk to me. It's because he is a dog.
My parents are in a fight My dad wanted to go see a lighthearted psychic. My mother wanted to buy some cheerful watercolors. I hope they find a happy medium
Why are Russians such bad pilots? Because they're always Stalin. Thank you, good night.
What do you get when you cross a crocodile with a cartridge? A snapshot.
*Witnesses an awkward moment* starts a slow clap* sees that nobody is joining me* pretends like I'm trying to kill mosquitoes*
When a women dates a younger man she's called a cougar, when a man dates a younger woman he is called Defendant.
My friend said he was a harp.. But he was obviously a lyre.
Did you hear the joke about the roof? I would tell you, but it tends to go over people's heads
What do you call someone who finishes a sentence with you? Partner in crime.
I lost my virginity. Can't remember a thing, my pussy hurts and there is a used condom on the floor. Last thing I remember was seeing Bill Cosby in the bar.
I got pulled over for drunk driving last night. In my defense I didn't even know I was driving.
May you never be as bored as whoever figured out that holding a seashell to your ear sounds like the ocean
A man with pica walks into a bar... ...and orders a drink on rocks. Hahahaha! Smart people jokes are the best!
I play Nickelback real loud all day so crickets can listen to something annoying when they try to sleep
Horrifically awaiting the day all the shampoo bottles in my shower decide to squeeze me back.
How many friend-zoned guys does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they'll just compliment it and then get pissed when it doesn't screw.
Sweep her off her feet, but not like the bad guy from Karate Kid.
What do you called a piano someone pissed in? A peeano.
4: Where did I come from? Me: Mommy's belly. 4: How'd I get there? Me: I, uh...put you there? 4: How did you... Me: WHO WANTS ICE CREAM?!
Life hack : Receive a wide assortment of yellow, orange, pink and red envelopes, free of charge, simply by not paying your bills.
I had a near miss on my a flight to Thailand. Well a pre-op Transsexual.
You get to sleep all day, cat, that's why I get the good food.
What did one window say to the other window? I'm in pane
*jumps out of plane* *begins reading parachute instruction manual* STEP 1: PUT ON PARACHUTE *looks up* Well hell
A friend of mine is so politically correct.... At the deli he is afraid to ask for "" white American "" cheese.
A guy just yelled at me for texting and driving. I told him to get off my hood and mind his own business.
ok kids, this is a smoke detector, if you hear it beeping change the battery, if it's still beeping, check to see if ur on fire
Where does sans live? Sans francisco
I found a way to make my dick 9 inches long I fold it in half
Feel like Woods household right now is a bunch of people brainstorming, ""what is any other plausible reason for this accident?""
It's HOMOsapiens, not HETEROsapiens. It's the Bi-ble, not the Straight-ble.
What's the best insult you can tell someone?
The Bible is a fascinating book It's fascinating how a book with so much sex and violence can be so boring
if a bee sting u, u get a lil pain but the bee dies so who really wins? ""lol im OWNING all these bees"" i say as i put my face in the beehive
What's big and ugly and drinks out of the wrong side of the glass? A monster trying to get rid of hiccups.
My wife is kind to strangers, she stopped an old lady from buying evaporated milk... ..., and told her it was just an empty can.
Q. What is good for your soul but not your soles? A. Linedancing!
I feel sorry for Eazy-E He went from Straight outta Compton to Straight outta condoms before getting aids. I'm sorry.
I just raced a Smart car. He barely beat me, but that's only cuz I stopped to tie my shoe.
I always wanted to be self-confident. Well, look at me now. Actually, don't.
How can you tell if you have a high sperm count? If she has to chew before she swallows.
The problem with traveling into the future is that it's hard to determine the date because newspapers no longer exist.
I love the smell of a camp fire. It reminds me of the night we kille.... .....I just love smell of campfires.
a friend took Exlax and viagra at the same time... .. he didnt know if he was coming or going.
So many Jehovah's Witnesses and yet still not a shred of Jehovah's Evidence.
Sex is not the answer... Sex is the question. ""Yes"" is the answer
did you know you can tell how much a girl likes you by the position of their feet Chances are if her feet are next to her ears she really likes you.
Q. How many black people does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A. Nobody knows, there's no light.
Mrs. Smith: Help me doctor! My  son John swallowed the can opener! Doctor: Don't panic. He'll be alright. Mrs. Smith: But how do I open the can of beans?! The toast is getting cold!
What do you call it when a person falls ill from watching too many BBC period dramas? Downton Syndrome
We are all part of the ultimate statistic  ten out of ten die.
So my neighbor knocks on my door. So my neighbor knocks on my door at 2:30am last night. 2:30AM!!! Can you believe it?!!? Lucky for him, I was up playing my drums.
me: hello darkness my old friend darkness: you are going to hate me but I forgot your name
Pretty cool to think every time the Verizon guy said ""Can you hear me now?"" the NSA was quietly answering ""Yes we can.""
What does a suicide bomber say when he's teaching class? Pay attention! I'm only going to show this once.
First day on the job as a drug dealer... Dealer: I don't have coke... is Pepsi okay? *gets stabbed*
What will Ryan Lochte say if he looses ""Dancing With the Stars""? ""I was robbed"" Sorry, that just came to me like a stroke of idiotic genius and I couldn't help myself.
I am a hiring manager. Before I take a look at all the resumes, I throw the entire top half away. If you're going to be working for me, you also have to be lucky.
""I guess we should make them sound like a space shuttle is taking off during an a-bomb explosion."" -person who invented hand dryers
Q: Which of the following doesn't belong: wife  meat eggs blow job? A: The blow job. You can beat your wife your eggs or your meat
I just saw a guy with such a big dick he could fuck himself... And all I could think was how he was so full of himself.
How many blind people does it take to change a light bulb? None if nobody's looking.
If you want to say something ""rude"" for the person you hate the most: 'It wouldn't be worth it to buy your voodoo doll, because i would anyways throw it in a fire right away. it's money wasting!
The Dalai Lama went into a pizza shop.. And asked them to make him one with everything.
Did you hear about the guy who died after eating chicken? The meat was fowl.
What do you call a lost crayon? a Strayola
I love puppies and kittens and little cute hamsters But not all together. I don't like my food touching.
Ed Hardy makes a wine. Just tasted some. With full-bodied undertones of asshat, its repugnant mouthfeel would pair well with a cheeseball.
I'm circumcised but I'm looking to change that. Anyone have any tips?
""I'm going to slide in and go back and forth until you're satisfied"" -Floss
Nothing screams ""I don't care about being on time for work"" like hopping on Twitter first thing in the morning.
What do you call a cheap cicumsicion? A rip off
What did one snowman say to the other? Smells like carrots
NSFW Two flies are sitting on a piece of shit... One fly farts. The other fly says, ""Do you mind? I'm eating.""
A miracle birth, then resurrection. Accept Frosty the Snowman as your personal savior.
I asked my dad what the deadliest weapon known to man is. He said 'you came out of it'.
What should have tipped off the airline ticket sellers on 9/11? When the terrorists asked for anything cheaper than one-way.
What happens when the Pope dies? ....another one popes up.
How many women does it take to play tennis? You can't play tennis in the kitchen
Why did the blind woman fall into the well? Because she couldn't see that well.
How do dogs own cats? bitches have pussies
My friend firmly believes that he's a solute I think he's diluted
What is the biggest plot twist in spanish soap operas? When Rodrigo finds out he is his own mother
How did the townspeople react when the mayor presented them with a cost efficient, vegan protein source? They chia'd.
What nationality is Santa Claus? North Polish.
So sorry... Sorry seems to be the hardest word to say... Unless you're Chinese, then it's ""squirrel"".
My mommy used to warn me that there could be creepy people on the internet. But I'm not afraid anymore... Now that I'm on reddit I'm one of those people.
If you've never heard a 9 minute version of ""Girl From Ipanema"", then you weren't just inside my head while my co-worker was talking to me.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents.
2 halloweens ago I was brutally owned by a small child when I answered my door in normal clothes and she said ""nice lumberjack costume.""
What's another word for a face tattoo? An everlasting jobstopper.
I've heard rumors that desperate prostitutes use Crest Toothpaste to reduce cavities.
Warning: Joke contains racism Racism
That new vet really screwed up my pig's colonoscopy He's pretty ham-fisted
Why did the feminist cross the road? To suck my fuckin' dick!
Half-Life 3's release date.
An interracial couple eating Cheerios and non-English speakers drinking Coke. We're a Benghazi pizza commercial away from a Texas secession.
Iron Man is a super hero. Iron Woman is a command.
I like my coffee like I like my women In two enormous cups
Why did the moron give the sleepy cow a hammer? He wanted her to hit the hay!
What does a college kid do when confronted by an evil spirit? He drinks it just like he drinks every other kind of spirit.
I'm glad my parents told me I'm adopted But I don't know why they tell me everday.
What does a blonde have if her brain is the size of a pea. Encephalitis, and possibly a medical miracle.
Hello this is ur pilot speaking We almost began our descent but my copilot said ""turn down for what"" so looks like we r rerouting to Cancun
Detective: Why did you dump those vegetables on my desk? Criminal: You said it was time to spill the beans.
What's better than a Kike on a Pike? Two Kikes on a Pike!
I kissed a girl in the club and she said, ""Oh my God, you've been smoking. It's just like licking an ashtray."" ""You non-smokers have some funny habits" I replied.
Sometimes you have to stop tweeting to have an alibi for ignoring texts.
*Brings pen to sword fight* Guy with sword : What's that? Me : Tis mightier! *Gets beheaded*
I watched craps at the casino for over an hour tonight until security finally dragged me out of the bathroom.
I don't mind getting the stink-eye when I say, ""Happy Whatever Holiday You're Weirdly Touchy About" because THAT is the spirit of Whatever.
A bloke in a wheelchair stole my camouflage stuff I told him 'you can hide but you can't run'.
A recently fired stock trader said: ""This is worse than a divorce, I have lost everything and I still have my wife!"" 
What kind of bees make milk? Boobies
How do you get to Matthew McConaughey's house? A right a right a right
""I will love you forever or until I cum""  MEN
The number of things that are *not* rocket science is staggering.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb? It's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
How can you tell if a blonde has been using the computer? There's whiteout on the screen.
United Airlines just tried to charge me $25 for the bags under my eyes.
Darn it A man was walking around his backyard in his stocking feet and stubbed his toe on a rock. His sock exclaimed ""I'll be darned!""
I don't need a football game to get drunk and scream at my television.
I feel really sad for children with cancer and people who still use BlackBerrys.
""I'll have to report you sir"" said the traffic cop to the speeding driver. ""You were doing 85 miles an hour."" ""Nonsense officer"" declared the driver. ""I've only been in the car for ten minutes.""
There are three people in this world... Those who can count, and those you can not.
Cookies Two cookies are in an oven. The first cookie says ""is it hot in here or is it just me?"" The second cookie says ""holy shit! A talking cookie""
Strange new trend at the office People are putting names on food in the company fridge. Today I had a tuna sandwich named Kevin.
Some kid just threw a bottle of milk at me HOW DAIRY! His behaviour was udderly disgusting. It just skimmed my head.
it's a status....not your diary...
Caitlin Jenner isn't transgender. She's trans-Jenner.
They say: ""keep your friends close and your enemies closer"". The problem is, nowadays you can't tell them apart.
American Public Schools.
A vegan, cross fitters, and yoga person sit down for dinner And nobody says a word.
My ex posted a pic captioned, ""Just me"" and I commented, ""Yes just you and your 7 personalities""
How do heavy metal bands surf the web? On the Din-ternet.
What does the ninja call his penis? meningococcal
Which knight of the round table had Diabetes? Sir Lance-a-lot
What did Martin Luther King Jr., Rosa Parks, and Nelson Mandela all have in common? They're all criminals.
Non-native English speakers, try to literally translate jokes from your own language We might get some weird/funny stuff
To moma Yo moma so stupid she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side
I'd make a political joke... But it's too soon, the DNC tried to force one on all of us and we saw how that went.
How Much Did the Pirate Charge For Corn? A buck an ear
Get in on Syrian real estate now! The markets are exploding!
Michael J. Fox was in a car crash... ...a bystander ran up to check if he was ok. ""Yeah..."" Michael said ""I'm just a little shaken up""
Playing the prequel to Angry Birds where the pigs fuck all the birds' wives.
Why can't two Asians have a white baby? Because two wongs don't make a white
Why is Islam called the religion of peace? After you leave the religion, you rest in peace.
I once dated a dyslexic woman. I took her home and she cooked my sock.
As my wife gave birth all the doctors yelled, ""Push!"" I was convinced it was a Pull door.
What times does the chinaman go to the dentist? Tooth-hurty
Crocodiles
Did you take a shower today? Why, is one missing?
End a boring conversation by opening an umbrella in their face
At my last physical, my doctor told me I had to stop masturbating, and I asked why. He said, ""Because I'm trying to give you a physical.""
No one spoil the ending, I haven't finished the iTunes user agreement yet!!
In 2011 it is more normal to have 0 or 2 dads than 1 dad
What do women call men who are shorter than 5'7""? Friends
Butt sex is a lot like spinach If you're forced to have it as a child, you probably won't like it as an adult.
Did you hear about the stationary store? It moved.
My friends think I have a black sense of humour I don't know what they're talking about... In my view it's golden.
Curiosity killed the cat... NASA sincerely apologizes...
Why did Hitler kill himself? He finally got the gas bill.
3 blondes walk in to a bar you'd think one of them would have seen it
I got a job as a bounty hunter in China. Couldn't believe my luck, every time they put a new wanted poster up, the guy they were after was standing right next to me!
Guy in the club: *lifts up his shirt* I do 400 crunches a day. Me: How many more until you get a personality?
I get so fustrated when people say ""supposably"" or ""irregardless"" I feel like I'm literally drownding
How did 1940's German Men pick up Jewish Girls With a broom and a dustpan
Why do people say tunafish, rather than just tuna? Is that to differentiate from the tunacow and tunagiraffe?
you're lucky I can teach you how to shave my dad wasnt around to teach me. now watch *presses razor against face and moves head up and down*
Funniest joke 2015 I can't(won't) steal it so here is the original link http://i.imgur.com/asy1AU4.png
If 7 out of 10 sports fans have below average intelligence, what percentage of sports fans is that? 110%. [Aaaaaand we prove once again that morons are humorless. Really should know that by now.]
Knock Knock Who's there ! Adelia ! Adelia who ? Adelia the cards after you cut the pack !
I just finished reading the fifth book in this great series. It's called the ""Learning to Count"" trilogy.
What made Tesla successful ? Its musk
Girl: What colour are my eyes? Guy: 34C.
If you don't like oral sex You should keep your mouth shut
Congratulations Amy Winehouse On three years of sobriety!
What shakes and sits at the bottom of the ocean? A nervous wreck.
Most suitable joke for reddit [deleted]
If your girl sets her Facebook relationship status to ""Widowed"", it's time to pack a suitcase as fast as possible.
What do you call twin kittens? Dupli-cats
I don't think I'm a father but I better celebrate just incase I am...
Why did the student take Viagra while preparing for his exam? His professor said he should study hard.
What do you call a Targaryen girl who can outrun her brothers? A virgin.
Where can you find a dog with no legs? Right where you left him.
My diet always starts on a Monday morning and ends at the donuts somebody brings into the office later that morning.
Have you heard the one about the butter? Nah, you'll just spread it around.
isn't it funny that Hillary And her entire campaign is talking shit about trump being a liar when she is still in denial about the email scandal.
Joke of the Day [Saw this on Monsters Inc when watching it today](http://i.imgur.com/32l1PsS.jpg)
How does the moon get a haircut? Eclipse it
What's a thesaurus's favorite cereal? Synonym Toast Crunch
They still won't let me on Shark Tank with my feminine hygiene products with Yo Momma jokes printed on 'em. That shit's racist.
That time of year again. Time to impregnate some chick at the office Christmas party and use my bonus to pay for the abortion. Pff holidays.
Do you know the one step to avoiding clickbait? Obviously not. gg y'all, inbox = rekt
What happens when i find a good joke? I reddit.
There is too much freedom in this country, we need more expensive smart.
I would totally surf a tsunami. If I didn't get nauseous on water. And if tsunamis weren't dangerous. And I knew how to surf.
Mum: How can you practice your trumpet and listen to the radio at the same time ? Son: Easy. I have two ears!
* Dalai Lama goes on killing spree after listening to my coworker eat soup *
Feed me once shame on you, Feed me twice i'm moving in.
Me: Can I order the conch fritters please? Waitress: The ""ch"" is pronounced like a ""k"" Me: Okay Bick.
This isn't a competition! -People who are losing
I'll be honest, the only time I'd ever want to be 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' would be if I was chasing them With an axe.
What do you call an old person from Portugal? A portugeeser
My brother and I ran out of protein powder. I turned to him and said, ""no whey....."" (true story)
If mankind has learned one thing from human history, I'd be stunned.
What am I? What has six tits and three teeth? The night shift at the Waffle House.
I am a very kind and honest person. if I see an old lady trying to cross a street... ...I will tell her she is old.
I was going to buy tickets to see Michael McDonald in concert... ...but I keep forgetting
50 Cent Or as he's known in Zimbabwe, 400,000,000 dollars.
What do you call a team of Christian mutant superheroes? The A-Men
There is no ""I"" in ""team."" But there's an ""I"" in ""Tim" and my friend Carlos pronounces it ""team"" so....there
The two hardest things in programming? Naming things, caching things and off-by-one errors!
What is a Polish person's favorite weapon? A Warsaw...
How do I tell a man he loves me?
Once you've seen one shopping centre... ...you've seen a mall
I've just wrecked myself. I wish I'd checked myself beforehand.
Why did the number 6 cry? Because 7 8 9. (7 ate 9)
Do you know how to cook toilet paper? Me either, but I know how to brown it on one side.
Algorithm A former vice president playing the drums
GF: What's my biggest flaw? ME: You haven't got any, you're perfect, I love you GF: No come on, I mean pacifically ME: We should split up
What does Batman use to wash his hair? Conditioner Gordon.
I have a joke about Ebola You probably won't get it
Did you hear about the Asian guy who was so terrible that nobody mourned his death? He was unbereaveable.
Jesus sits at his last supper *breaks bread* This is my body *pours wine* This is my blood *open jar of mayo* Judas: I'm gonna have to stop you right there
School Joke Principal: ""I've had complaints about you, Johnny, from all of your teachers. What have you been doing?"" Johnny: ""Nothing, sir."" Principal: ""Exactly!""
Don't invest in skiing companies The whole sport is going down hill fast
I like jury duty because it's a fun reminder that one day my life could be in the hands of a guy wearing Velcro shoes.
Your momma's so fat that she should probably be worried about the increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Scared the mailman today by going to the door completely naked. Not sure what scared him more, my naked body or that I knew where he lived.
Have the people who designed wine glasses ever washed dishes in their lives?
Stepped on an action figure in the shower and simultaneously invented six new cuss words in four different languages.
Why do you need to carry radioactive materials in sealed, lead containers? To stop it from falling out.
A horse walks into the bar... The bartender asks: ""why the long penis""?
I went to www.match.com Better luck on www.ancestry.com
That'll do, fellas. I think we're good on breathy singer-songwriters who sound like they're creepily whispering rapey stuff in our ears.
What do you get when you cross human DNA and goat DNA? Thrown out of the petting zoo
Me and my girlfriend... Me and my girlfriend watched 6 DVDs back to back last night, fortunately I was the one facing the TV!
Why did they fire Victoria? Was she keeping secrets? What is Victoria's Secret?
What are the inhabitants of Crete called? Cretins!
A woman stopped me in the street and asked me to show her how to get to the hospital. So I pushed her under a bus.
Thanks for putting your kid on the phone so he could say hi. It changed my life.
Why was Yoda afraid of seven? Because six seven eight.
I bought a Valentine's Day card for everyone at our local Tourettes Society. It's the thought that cunts!
I love you all so much right now because alcohol.
friend of mine collapsed while he was putting the washing out the other day and had to be rushed to hospital. He almost pegged it.
What did the dinosaur say after the car crash? I'msosaurus
What is the best way to pass the time on Tatooine? Watch the Dagobah
[OC] Alright, here's my new year's resolution... Stop being late
Have you ever had an Ethiopian breakfast? Neither have they.
In honor of the Olympics I suggest we start a synchronized drinking team..... Whose in?
What is an amputees favorite movie? Armageddon.
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb? 1..... Because they are very efficient, but not very funny. Courtesy of my brother /u/twinhawk
I don't volunteer my time to worthy causes but I do always whisper ""you're doing great"" when a waiter is describing the specials to me
KILLER PJ for Indians! James Bond was travelling in an Autorickshaw Driver - Rs.7.50 hue Sahab .. Bond - Yeh lo 5 rupaye .. Driver - Lekin baki ke 2.50 ?! Bond - "" DHAI ANOTHER DAY "" :D :D
My buddy is awesome at grilling steaks. They are all very well done
Is there a way to make a hamburger do the Hula? Sure order a burger and a shake!
I ate five cans of alphabet soup yesterday. Then, I easily had the biggest vowel movement ever.
What do you call a piano composer that smokes? Tarcoughski
My girlfriend told me to stop listening to Oasis I said maybe..
What is Lil Jon's favorite flavor of BBQ? Mesquite squite squite. ...Forgive me I'm freshly smoked.
What time does a mechanic wake up? Oily!
Ripping a blaring fart every now and then lets your masseuse know who's in charge.
What did the bra say to the hat? You go on ahead. I'll give these two a lift. Edit: Someone didn't like the word guys in it
the printer in my office is fondly called Bob Marley it keeps jamming
I learned from 'The Exorcist' That when it comes to souls, possession is 9/10 of the law. Changed slightly from a comment made by /u/boobiesucker
Francois Hollande.
I went to the doctor and he gave me 2 months to live... I went to the doctor and he gave me 2 months to live. I shot him and the judge gave me 30 years.
How do you test a pirate for crabs? Swab the deck!
What's the difference between princess Diana and Tiger Woods? Tiger Woods has a better driver
Happy 10th birthday to your dating profile pic.
Every so often you come across a person that supplies you with endless motivation, even if it is just to jump into traffic.
Looking for someone to shovel my snow while dressed as a stormtrooper. No weirdos.
What's Pharma Bro's favorite musical? Rent.
I went to France yesterday to see a soccer match... I had a blast!
Smart people don't call themselves smart - me included.
What does the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common? They both glide around Uranus and wipe out Klingons!
What's the difference between a leper and a tree? A tree has limbs.
What kind of ghosts haunt operating theatres? Surgical spirits.
Last night, Gotye won Record of the Year. Parents were like, ""Who's Gotye?"" while their kids were like, ""What's a record?
What's worse than seeing a worm in an apple u just bit into? Holocaust
What did the waiter ask the group of Jewish mothers? Is *anything* okay?!
Why did everyone think that the proctologist was a great fighter? Because he was really good at talking shit....
Wow, this article looks awesome.*clicks link**finds out it's a slideshow**throws computer out the window*
WHY IS ASS RED BECASUE MY DAD WALKED THROUGH THE DOOR AND FUCKED MY ASS TILL IT WAS RED YOU FUCKING RETARDS
At the beach, looking at all these fit young people, with their perfect bodies and perfect tans and I think ""I wish I could be a shark"".
What's the difference between firewood and a jew? The firewood ain't been turned into ash yet.
Why did the blind kid fail geometry? He didnt see the point.
The difference between polygamy and monogamy. Polygamy is having too many wives, but monogamy is having one wife too many.
Growing up, I always wanted to be someone. Now that I'm old, I've realised I should have been more specific.
Barking dog at the back door wanting in and your wife's yelling at the front wanting in. Which one do you let in? The dog, once he's in, he shuts up!
Whats the difference between Jelly and Jam? I can't jelly my dick into your girls ass.
Inflatable mattresses are great if you like your bed to slowly eat you.
I like my men like I like my coffee-- silent.
This winter, ice crystals will stick together and fall from the sky Snow joke
Whenever I see a bear on a motorbike I'm like, ""Good for you. You've not let the fact you can't be tattooed stop you from getting a bike.""
How can you tell that God is a man, and not a woman? If God were a woman, she would have made semen taste like chocolate!
Irish Pooing Competition So I entered an Irish pooing competition the other day. I came Turd.
A Jewish kid asks his dad for 50 bucks. His dad says, ""40 dollars? What do you want 30 dollars for?""
A priest checks into a hotel... says to the clerk, ""I assume the porn is disabled."" Clerk says, ""No! It's just regular porn you sick freak!""
What's the worst part of getting hit in the face with pie? It's never ending.
Before the Wright brothers made the first airplane, Chuck Norris had already invented the rocket and flown to Pluto, where he lived for 20 years.........naked
*at an AA meeting* ""Hi, I'm Andy and I have a drinking problem. I have 2 hands and only 1 mouth. Lol."" *gets aggressively escorted out*
How does a chef get to work? He woks.
It's not herpes I burned my lip on a hot sausage.
What do you mean dinosaurs didn't have titties?! *throws my camera on the ground and causes a scene as I leave the museum *
My father was never proud of me. One day he asked me, ""How old are you?"" I said, ""I'm five."" He said, ""When I was your age I was six.""
What is it that is yours , but others use it more than you ? Your name
What do you call a gay man's paradise? A fruitopia.
History is his-story, rambled the tumblrina... where are the records of the deeds of women? that is a miss-story
I'm sick of this condescending parrot making fun of the way I talk.
I'm quitting the blueberry only diet. I haven't lost a pound and I'm getting tired of blueberry pancakes, muffins and poptarts every meal.
Who served as the 45th Vice President of the United States? [Warning: Gore]
What do ISIS want for Christmas? Turkey, apparently.
It's a comfort knowing Dad is looking down on me, but we should probably cut his hang-glider out of that tree one of these days.
Can't believe Sting isn't the lead singer of the Scorpions
Did you hear about the guy who went to the ER with 15 little toy ponies stuck up in his rear end? Doctors say his condition is stable.
Which language does a drunk Scotsman speak? [x-post /r/puns] Scotch.
My Girlfriend thought we should get Friends With Benefits. I dumped her, I can't stand Justin Timberlake.
Boss set out a bowl of hard candy in the break room, so I guess we had our Christmas party today.
Why did Microsoft skip straight to 10? Because Windows 7, 8, 9. I'll see myself out.
I like my women the way... I like my wine...12 years old and in the cellar.
Whats the problem with tainted money? It taint yours and it taint mine :D (Puns for the win? :D)
Whenever i am lonely or depressed my piano makes me feel better... Its an appreciating asset.
Being from the South, my mother was all about hospitality! Cooking, cleaning, dishes, laundry and even foot rubs! She made me do it all.
The new Battlefield 1 looks so damn good, you could say... They just knocked Call of Duty into space.
What do you call an underage gang bang? Bohymen Rapecity
Butter must be southern Because it's usually inbred
Why is the peanut crying? Because he couldn't handle his roast
funny how people who earn philosophy degrees probably at some point ask themselves ""why did i do this""
Keep away from professional dermatologists.. They make rash decisions
Alcohol &amp
Arron Hernandez found guilty of first-degree murder He has been sentenced to life in prison without parole. I'm not quite sure how much longer he is going to remain a ""tight end""
Q: Did you know that the three wise men were firemen? A: It says they came from afir (a fire a far).
You are going to lose your license to be a doctor Doctor 1: You are going to lose your Doctoring License Doctor 2: Everyone has slept with their patients one time or another Doctor 1: You're a vet
Me: Mistakes my own hair for a spider at least once a day & screams Also me: [watching Criminal Minds] I could totally be a cop
I'm never more irritated by fashion than when I'm trying to stuff something in a fake pocket!
Dora could get to her destination in half the time if Swiper were in prison where he belongs.
I'm one of those people who thinks different races shouldn't mix Which is why I don't participate in triathlons
What would Bill Cosby's name be if he was Russian? Vladimir Puddin'
A pirate walks into a bar and has a ship's wheel sticking out his crotch. 'Does that not hurt?' asks the bartender. To which the pirate replies: 'Yaarr, it's driving me nuts!'
Why should you buy Adrian Peterson sun screen? Because it is very strong at beating the son.
interviewer: do you have any experience in a leadership role? me: well, I am the group admin for a WhatsApp group
Hugh Hefner and Larry King used to room together when they helped build the pyramids.
You momma so stupid.. She got fired from the m&amp
The relationship stages
It would just be mean to make a joke about the woman with lumber breast implants..... Wooden Tit
A Funny Joke My Life...
ME: *falls into gorilla enclosure* GORILLA: [in sign language] I have a boyfriend.
If tapped, a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick could power the entire country of Australia for 44 minutes.
The founder of the Hokie Pokie died the other day His funeral was a fiasco. First they tried to put his right foot in...
Why wouldn't the bird let her chicks go near the pig pen? She didn't want the pigs eating shredded tweet.
""We stopped making the style of jeans that fit you perfectly right after you bought your first pair."" -Every store ever
Why did the dolphin feel crabby?  Because he ate too many crabs!
When a coworker pisses me off, I like to write his name down for 23 boxes of girl scout cookies on the form in the break room
Always stand up for what you believe in, unless what you believe in is sitting down.
Smart Students :D :P Question asked by a Student.! If a single Teacher cant Teach us all subjects, then.. how could you expect a single student to Learn All subjects.??
Why sugars are very unhappy these days? It is sweet but still is not getting added do any thing!
A blind person walks in to a bar.
What is Irish and stays on your patio, even when it rains? Patty O'Furniture.
You know how you keep an asshole in suspense? I'll tell you tomorrow!
Why didn't Ukraine go to war with Russia yet? They were Putin up with him.
I had a teacher in high school who always assumed we'd give the wrong answer. ""What's hotter, green or red peppers?"" Green ""Nope. Green.""
PS3 messin around I need a picture of a 16 year old girl that is believable, not suspicious. Please don't ask why, I'm just a bit messed up in the brain
Make the little things count... teach midgets arithmetic.
How do you fit 4 gay guys on one chair? Turn it upside down
WARNING! If you get an e-mail with the title of ""Nude Photo of Newt Gingrich"" DO NOT OPEN IT! It IS a nude photo of Newt Gingrich.
What do you call a bugle inside of a bubble? A buble!
What animal is endangered by tooth decay? Molar bears!
What would you call a very funny mountain? Hill Arious!
I used to piss myself when I stood in front of my 3rd grade class. It costed me my teaching career...
Last year I was quite miserable and depressed, so I made it my new year's resolution to turn that around. Thanks 2016, you helped me achieve my goal and made me depressed and miserable.
Hahaha this stupid baby on the bus thinks they can cry louder than me
Coworker: Are you seeing anyone? Me: Unfortunately. CW: Then why are you dating her? Me: No, I meant you're standing in front of me.
I invented a new joke today! Plagiarism!
How can you tell when an Italian car has a flat tire? Dago wop wop wop
Time to get a haircut. Unless somebody knows an easier way to get a dude's dick on your arm.
What is six inches long, has a bald head, and drives blondes crazy? A hundred dollar bill.
Cop: Do you know why I pulled you over? Me: To propagate authoritarianism and generate revenue for the state? Cop: Besides that.
Atilla the Hun, Adolf Hitler and a lawyer are stranded with you on a island ... - and you have a gun with only 2 bullets, who do you shoot? -- The lawyer twice.
Friends don't force friends to watch 'funny' YouTube videos.
A boy goes to the drug store to buy some condoms. 'Do you want a bag?', the cashier asks him 'No', the boy says, 'she isn't *that* ugly'
Why does Santa always have a big sack? He only comes once a year.
A man goes to a house of ill repute on his hundredth birthday He tells the madam, ""I'd like a woman."" ""Forget it old man, you've had it."" ""How much do I owe you?""
I just broke up with my blind girlfriend. We just didn't see eye to eye anymore.
Did you hear about the new Christian online video game? It's pretty good, but it's pray2win.
Some people complain about it, but I don't really mind going into work every morning... It's the 8 hour wait to go home again that pisses me off.
If you receive an e-mail that says: ''FREE JUSTIN BIEBER CONCERT TICKETS'' Don't open it! It may contain free Justin Bieber concert tickets.
People who say ""go big or go home"" seriously underestimate my willingness to go home. Like, it's literally my only goal for most of the day.
What do multiculturalism and the movie Jaws have in common? They both made Americans despise great whites!
*runs in place* *cracks knuckles* *stretches neck* *takes a deep breath* *heads toward buffet*
My garbage disposal can't even handle this banana and now I'm wondering if I actually have a garbage disposal.
The more we ban gluten, the black market demand for it skyrockets and the Mexican gluten cartels make a killing.
What is the Terminators Muslim name? Al Bi Baq
How can I ever be happy... If I was born crying?
Costume Ideas For Halloween, you should dress up as Pavlov. Not everyone will get it, but it should ring a bell.
Policeman: Why didn't you stop at that red light? Motorist: Then you would have caught up with me.
*emerges from a large magic lamp,* it's me the Reasonable genie, please only wish for things like 'drive me to the airport'
I've never been one for Nazi jokes... I've been nein for them.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? The pilot.
A vegan, an atheist, and a Crossfitter walk into a bar.... The only reason I knew is that they wouldn't shut the fuck up about it.
What do you call a tractor trailer that can't keep up with the others? (Self) Semi retarded.
Sometimes I wonder how people who don't have kids get their TV remotes from the other side of the room.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father in law.
If some last names were an ancestor's profession (Baker, Cobbler) How do you explain Dickinson?
Dance like no one is watching you while secretly videotaping to later be posted on YouTube so you become the latest worldwide laughing stock
So I went to a stable for a self confidence boost I found myself surrounded by a bunch of neigh-sayers.
If there's a sock on my doorknob... It means I'm having sex with the other one.
Putin is really messing with Obama over this Ukraine thing. The last time a Russian beat a black guy this bad Apollo Creed died.
Thank god this election is over. .....I almost forgot what real commercials were like.
The 'M' in 'MTV now stands for 'MISCELLANEOUS'.
I don't really like the idea that James Franco might be in my grandkids' history textbooks.
So I guess these Brazillian jokes aren't happening Neymar?
If I exit the bathroom stall singing ""Break On Through (To The Other Side)"", it's best to avoid shaking my hand.
What do vegetarian zombies want? Graaaaiiiiinss!
Body: I'm sooooooo tired Brain: WHAT IF DINOSAURS HAD ASSAULT RIFLES
Pinot? I hardly noir.
How does a penman make his living? He charges a calligra-fee of course!
What do you call always having a date for New Year's Eve? Social Security.
Before and After marriage! What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before they got married? Feyonce.
Be a firefighter they said, Rescue kittens & throw them into fire they said, Youre misinformed they said, We're calling the police they said
What did the prostitute catch when she went out with 5 fishermen? ... A big red snapper
What's another name for the Periodic Table of elements? The atoms family.
A cucumber made a dill with the devil. He's in quite a pickle now.
How many Will Ferrell's does it take to change a light bulb? One, AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!
I just pretended to be on my phone in the elevator and then my phone rang. I'm going to close up shop emotionally for the day
Why did the bear eat his mate? He called her 'honey', then got hungry.
""my son, can I ask why you're carrying two HUGE crucifixes?"" Well father, I've been... Double-crossed *God starts breakdancing*
Two cows standing next to each other in a field. Daisy says to Dolly: ""I was artificially inseminated this morning."" ""I don't believe you" replies Dolly. ""It's true, no bull!""
Never drink and derive You'll integrate something you don't need.
I used to think revenge was a dish best served cold... But now I know it actually means ""getting back at somebody"".
Until I had kids I didn't realize that ""bouncing off the walls"" was actually a literal statement.
[OC] What do you call a suicidal mathematician smoking weed? Hypotenuse
So a seal walks into a club. The end.
Did you hear that HIV isn't spread by a virus? Yeah, it's spread by a fun guy
What did Russians used to light their houses with before candles? Electricity.
What are the pigs warned to look out for in New  York? Pigpockets.
My dad said ""Always leave them wanting more."" That's how he lost his job in disaster relief.
You can only push me so far before I breakdance.
[candy store] ME: I'd like to return this Tic Tac. CLERK: It looks partially eaten. ME: It's still in... CLERK: Don't ME: ...mint condition.
I bet deaf people get really confused when they talk to someone who is applying hand lotion...
What do snotty vegetables do when they see something they don't like ? They 'turnip' their noses.
My 6yo daughter's teacher just gave me a ""Most Improved Ponytail"" award.
How many gnomes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just the two, really. Or as many as will fit, if theyre feeling frisky.
TIFU by getting meatball marinara instead of steak and cheese... Oops, wrong sub
Why are hamburgers essential to football? Because the game is played on a griddle-iron!
Breaking News:Will.i.am has eye removed. Now he's just Will Am (I'm sorry it only works in speech form)
my book club evolved into a fight club so gradually I almost didn't notice
You can tell Tim Horton's is a Canadian franchise, because my donut just apologized for making me fat.
Today I have learnt - if you try and give someone the finger whilst wearing mittens, you are basically just showing them your mittens.
It must be pretty bad being the wife of a suicide bomber... Because if they come home after work, they've had a bad day.
Why did the cheese get sent to the asylum? Coz 'e-mmental!
If a hobbit were to bake a hairstyle, what would he make it out of? Frodo
What are french journalists good at catching? Bullets.
What did the snake say when offered a piece of cheese ? Thanks I'll just have a sliver !
Daughter: Here you go! Me: You're my favorite. Son: Yesterday, you said I was your favorite! Me: Yesterday, you were closest to the remote.
I'm not the man you'd hoped for or even the man you wanted me to be. Perhaps you should have just once seen in me, the man I am.
Ever since we lowered our ceilings here at the shipyard, sails have gone through the roof.
I can confirm that men and women may disagree on when advice is helpful. In related news, it is warm enough to sleep outside.
will somebody tell my friend its spelled ""gif"" not ""gf"" and its not special that he has one, i have like 400 on my computer
Why do Native Americans like being invited to Thanksgiving dinners? Because usually they're stuck with reservations.
Plot twist: name your pets after passwords.
I actually loved the Twilight: Eclipse movie until I realized I was actually in an alley drunk watching two cats fight over a dead mouse.
I had a funny dream last night Mom. Did you? I dreamed I was awake but when I woke up I found I was asleep.
I wanted to make my racing snail faster.. So I took off its shell. If anything it became a lot more sluggish.
I hope the friends that haven't called me in a while know how much I appreciate that.
Why are ships referred to as ""she"" A fortune is spent trying to make them look pretty and without a man at the helm, they become an unpredictable death trap.
Box of condoms = $6.99 Cashier's face when you ask where the fitting room is = Priceless
Just yelled ""I will strangle you in front of your pets"" out of my window to a car that cut me off in traffic on a highway in New Jersey.
Know why I make my pot brownies with chocolate laxatives? For shits and giggles.
When your girlfriend says ""I love you"" reply with ""I love you more!"" Because relationships are competitions that must be won.
My Asian friend came out .. My Asian friend came out to his dad today and said ""Dad I'm gay"" . His dad after being angry for a moment said, ""why not Gay+""
GUIDE TO BEING BATMAN: 1. Lose parents, inherit everything 2. Let people get murdered 3. Never murder the Joker cause he's the best at puns
It's an age-old question, but which came first, the chicken or the egg? The rooster.
[outside a blazing house] Firefighter: ... Me: ... Firefighter: ... Me: ... There was a spider.
I like my coffee like I like my wives, From a third world country at a reasonable price.
What is a computer virus? A terminal illness.
PRANK: ask someone what's on their shirt and when they look down give them a perm
Hey dude that invented the unicycle... Where were you wanting to go ? then not go, then go, then not go, then get bored and juggle
I can't come tonight, couldn't get a babysitter.. It is really difficult to get a babysitter when you don't have any children.
You can't run through a campground, you can only ran Because it's past tents
Q: What's the best place to photograph Clinton Administration officials? A: A police lineup.
I dont know if this is old but anyway What would you rate hitlers invasion of poland I personally would rate it nein out of ten Thankyou goodnight
Do not email me when my bill is ready, email me when someone has paid it, thank u.
What happens if you steal in Afghanistan? You get Talibanned
If she's not ruining your life.....She's just not that into you.
There's this dog teaching me some new dance moves. He's a corgi-ographer.
I feel sorry for Piers Morgan. He's basically Piers Morgan, trapped in Piers Morgan's body.
1000 shrinks donate hair samples to create genetically optimized SuperShrink for Donald Trump He he...
Mattel released a Muslim Barbie... It's a blow-up doll.
my wife's divorcing me and i asked reddit for help i hit the lawyer, what now
Spent the day removing $550,000,000 worth of stuff from my Amazon shopping cart.
Don't save a spot for someone who won't make an effort to stay.
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
""Son, you can practice the sex on holes in trees"" ""DAD?!"" [next day] ""Where you going with that broom handle?"" ""Checkin for squirrels""
Holding a friend's phone for her. Just texted ""put a ring on it"" to five random male names. Stay tuned.
Acid is like a woman. A good one will eat right through your pants.
""Getting real tired of your crap..."" Said no dung beetle ever.
What do you call an amphibian in hiding? Incognitoad.
Dear lady, $14 is crazy for an airport sandwich but complaining to the counter guy is like telling a cop to pull troops out of Afghanistan.
After mating, a female Praying Mantis kills & eat's the male. Guess she knows it's easier to claim life insurance rather than child support.
Dad got his son a birthday card A dad got his son a bday card that said ""Holey cow! It's your birthday!"" And it had a picture of a cow with holes in it.
I personally think that Halloween should be moved To November 8 (it'll be more scary)
Only dead fish go with the flow.
Why did Jesus deactivate his Instagram account? Because he only had 12 followers.
I got my wife tickets on a cruise ship. It's no Titanic, but I'm optimistic.
Q: Have you seen the polish mine detector. A1: Put you fingers in your ears and start stamping the ground with  your foot.
How Do U Kill A Retard? Give him a knife and say ""who's special?""
How do you insult a hamburger patty? Call it a meatball!
Origami You never realise how good you are at it until your toilet paper starts running out
Everyone seems so happy for you until they realize your baby carrier is just filled with mozzarella sticks.
Which global disasters happen when you drop a roast turkey? The downfall of Turkey, the break-up of China, and the overthrow of Greece.
I never thought I'd buy into Feng Shui But oh how the tables have turned.
[at work] Carl, did you get naked when you used the bathroom? *standing there with his shirt & pants on backwards* ""No...why do you ask?""
I screamed a Brazilian times during that waxing.
[first date] ""What's wrong?"" I don't like the ambulance in this place [sniggering] ""You mean ambience"" [next table] NEE NAW NEE NAW WOOOOOO
They've just released a female version of Viagra. It's called Niagara.
I asked the lady from the collection agency out on a date. She turned me down, but keeps calling. I told her I'm too old for games.
Q: What do you get when Steve Jobs hires and fires a lot of people in six months? A: An Apple turnover.
Q: What kind of dog does a dracula like? - A: A  Bloodhound.
Poop jokes... are the shit.
What do you call a yak that wants to talk to you about a network marketing opportunity? A cognac
Where do Muslim hipsters shop for clothes? Turban Outfitters!
What happens when you fall in love with a french chef? You get buttered up. 
Why do gods eat swiss cheese? Because its holy
My friend keeps saying, ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well.
I'm living on the edge. I haven't backed up in weeks
What do you call a drummer without a girlfriend? Homeless.
What is the difference between brown nosing and butt kissing? Depth Perception!
How to scare burglars off. First, put pictures on the wall of you with a tiger. Second, put a cat litter box in your hall and sh!t in it.
What is 6.9? A good time ruined by a period.
As I lay my phone down to sleep, I pray my brain won't think of tweets. If I die before I wake, I pray and hope my phone to break.
The band Europe is rereleasing their greatest hits on records. It's the vinyl countdown.
What's the difference between a four year old and a baggie of cocaine? Eric Clapton wouldn't let a baggie of cocaine fall out the window.
What's the difference between jelly and jam? I can't jelly my dick into a girls ass.
what is Ceasar's slogan for his advertising company? Ceasar sell ads
Titanic, but with literally thousands of cats.
If two vegetarians are arguing Is it considered a beef?
My sister's a really bad driver.  What makes you say that? Every time she goes out in the car Dad puts a glass panel in the floor so that she can see who she's run over.
What do Donald Trump and a pumpkin have in common? They're orange on the outside, hollow on the inside and should be tossed out in early November.
So two reddit mods walk into a bar... ...ya think the second one would have seen it.
Why is Phoenix such a great lawyer? Because he's ""Wright"" all the time.
Hey lady, did you know I'm a Pokemon? Because I Pikachu while you sleep.
What do you call someone whose GPA is greater than the number of inches their dick is? Asian
parents, think twice before dressing your child as Cecil the Lion this year. my son will be dressed as a dentist, and I gave him a real gun
Remember when you were a kid and you used to blow bubbles? He said hi...
Me: ""If only the man upstairs could have blessed you with brains as well as beauty."" Wife: ""Why the hell is there a man upstairs?""
So my lesbian neighbours asked me what I wanted for my birthday... They got me a Rolex. I guess they misunderstood when I said ""I wanna watch"".
What did the boy say when he had trouble using glue? I'm stuck.
What sport are Mexicans best at? Cross country.
Lately I go to the restroom at the movies, but forget where I'm seated then return & just begin a new life in a new seat with a new family.
Swallow it dammit, it's good for you  Your Pride
They say Kurt Cobain had two blue eyes.... one blew on to the wall, the other blew through the window
[back from the ultrasound] MOTHER-IN-LAW: So did you see the fetus? ME: Fetus, handus, legus...there was practically a whole baby in there!
Why didn't the tree like to play checkers? Because it was a chesnut tree.
Sean Spicer getting very upset with the media for not reporting that Trump put up a 28/13/11 triple double against the Rockets yesterday.
Why did the black child cross the road? To get to the other side
Why was Simba's dad killed by the pride? Because he didn't mufasa.
It doesn't matter what kind of brain is attached. Good boobs is good boobs.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra. ""Watch where you're going!"" exclaims the woman. ""Sorry, I'm dyslexic and I thought this was a bar, can I get you a drink?""
When a grammar Nazi gets sad give them a hug and say ""There, their, they're.""
Does anybody want this last piece of rain forest?
What has 100 balls and fuck rabbits A shotgun
I used to date an anaesthetist... She was a local girl. [credit to seeing this on QI]
What's the difference between a club and a strip club? A club has a beat that you can dance to, a strip club has a dance that you can beat to.
What's the difference between redneck newlyweds and two variables in a dataset? The variables aren't necessarily related.
How come oysters never donate to charity? They are all shellfish.
If banks are so worried about people stealing their pens, they should just attach them to a Creed CD
I got so drunk last night I lost my glasses. The rest is a blur
What did they say to the CEO who raise minimum wage to $70,000? Price is right!
[death row] Guard: Any last words? Me: [smugly] photosynthesis. Guard: ... Me: it sounded longer in my head.
What do you do if the lights in a Chinese food restaurant are too bright? Dim Sum.
Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true.
Are you today's date? Cause you're a 10/10. (Friend told me this today)
I've never been in love but I imagine its similar to the feeling you get when you see your waiter arriving with your food.
What's the difference between a blimp and 1,000 blowjobs? One was a Good Year and one was a great year
""Knock knock."" ""Who's there?"" ""The pilot. Let me in""
Did you hear about the new Obama Healthcare Burrito? You don't find out whats in it until you pass it...
[drops son off for 1st day at daycare] ""Ok, Mr Hughes, see you at 3 o'clock."" ""Not a chance. He's your problem now.""
I understand the face situation but you don't have to be ugly on the inside too
Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac? He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog !
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field
Life Pro Tip: Putting your phone in airplane mode will stop ads while you play.
(real news) Chinese archaeologists have discovered the country's oldest mathematics document, written on bamboo more than 2,200 years ago! Even more amazing - one of the answers is wrong.
I just made your acquaintance, and this is preposterous, but here is my address, perhaps thou shall mail me maybe.
How do they practice safe sex in Scotland? They brand the sheep that kick.
When I first met your mom, I fell in love with her because she had a kind face... The kind of face I want to fuck the shit out of!
How can I smile when 28% of Americans aren't getting enough fiber?
When going through TSA inspection at the airport, there's no telling how long it will take... ... All belts are off .
You know those orange cones they put on the highway for you to knock down? I just beat my high score last night!
I had a Crazy Dream Wait for dreams to come up in conversation. I had a crazy dream last night. I drempt I was a muffler... and when i woke up I was exhausted.
I just had a nice lunch in the park
Have you heard about the new supersensitive condoms? They hang around after the man leaves and talk to the woman.
Bathroom mirrors are either the luckiest or the unluckiest objects in the house.
What do you call it when a story has a recurring train theme? A Loco Motif
A good way to keep a secret from me is to leave it on my voicemail
Did you hear about the opera singing monk? He took a vow of Pavarotti.
What do you call a piece of sandpaper in Syria? A map.
Be the reason they create new laws.
I like the sound of you not talking.
I haven't fapped for seven days... ... because that would be too long.
Hubs: If you could sleep with... Me: THOR!!! Hubs: ...the fan off tonight, that'd be great. Me: Ohhhh...
Now that Gay Marriage is legal in all states I can finally get married as a solid, liquid, or gas.
Vermont's 4 seasons Vermont has 5 seasons: Almost winter Winter Still winter Mud season Road construction
Man, 2016 really has killed everybody: In November alone we lost Leonard Cohen, Florence Henderson... ...and America.
Macho Law prohibits me from admitting I'm wrong.
April showers bring may flowers What do may flowers bring? Pilgrims. What do Pilgrims bring? Smallpox
My dog and I have two things in common: We like burying our bones in other peoples backyards and fleas :-(
Mom: Fred there were two chocolate cakes in the  larder yesterday and now there's only one. Why? Fred: I don't know. It must have been so dark I didn't see the other one.
China has blocked Twitter. Now 1.3 billion people will have no idea what I'm having for lunch.
I used to be poor. Then I bought a thesaurus, and now I'm impecunious.
I ran my car into a pole The poor bastard never saw me coming
Whats the hardest part about watching Amy Schumer swim through a pool of dead babies? Knowing she will make a shitty vagina joke about it.
What do you call a lawyer up to his neck in cement? Not enough cement EDIT: Okay thanks for pointing out that I messed up the wording but the joke is supposed to be the funny part
I lost my kidneys when I turned 18 My knees are 100% adult now!
How are ISIS like Little Miss Muffet? Because they've got Kurds in their way.
I've never enjoyed my surprise birthday parties because all I can think about is how good my friends are at lying to my face.
Spoiler Alert I just watched Fast and Furious the other day, and I just couldn't get into it because there were too many spoilers.
Women are like condoms They spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
Dammit Dad Dad: ""Whaddya got there, son?"" Son: ""Soy milk."" Dad: -pauses- ""Hola milk, soy tu padre.""
Why did AT&amp
What do you call it when a doctor gives up halfway through an abortion? A portion.
How did my operation go Doc? Dr 
What do you get when you have sex with an STD infested mentally challenged person? The slow clap
Christopher Walken does one of the top seven Christopher Walken impressions I've ever heard.
Had a trip to the Docs I went to the doctors with hearing problems. He said ""Can u describe the symptoms?"" I said ""Homers a fat bloke and Marge has blue hair""
Apple will start making Macs in America. In related news, Macs will now cost 3 billion dollars. #SOTU
Why did Sean Connery say he quit his mall Santa job? I got tired of all the kids asking to shit on my lap.
You make cool foam designs on top of your coffee? Well latte-da.
Sarah Jessica Parker's kid cannot start kindergarten today with all the other children due to a medical condition, he's a little hoarse.
Why did the Mexican take Xanax? To stop hispanic attacks
What do you call the pirate with the second largest penis? Long John Silver First of my original jokes to actually make my girlfriend chuckle.
Woman next to me at coffee shop just asked a guy who's farther away to watch her computer for a sec. Devastated.
Just a typical interview ""What's your greatest weakness?"" ""Honesty."" ""I don't really think that's a weakness."" ""I don't give a fuck what you think.""
They say you are what you eat... That's why I'm a good person
I went to the zoo the other day, there was a dog there. It was a shitzu
How to serve someone a summons to court 1) Knock on their door 2) Holding a really big check for $1,000,000 3) With a ""camera crew"" 4) Verify person's name 5) JK you've been served.
""I'm here for the hookers and the booze!!!"" ""Sir, this is a library."" *whispers... ""I'm here for the hookers and the booze.""
Have you ever eat a clock? Its very time consuming.
Just asking for a friend, if one of your testicles drooped more than the other would you see a doctor?
What is more funny than a penguin sliding down a hill? The penguin who pushed him!
Wait a second, so violence is an actual resort? That place sounds wonderful.
Godzilla is a Japanese rendition of Chuck Norris' first visit to Tokyo.
What did the magician's girlfriend say to the magician? I can't see you anymore.
Cop1: Has becoming a father affected your work Cop2: Not a bit Cop1: Ok cover me, I'm going in Cop2: HI GOING IN I'M DAD [both get shot]
Did you know that your local graveyard doesn't allow anyone who lives where you are to be buried there.... ....As they need to be dead first
""Wanna go camping?"" ""No thanks, I have a house.""
Why is a hemiola unfair? Because it's three against two.
Donald Trump, candidate for President, reaffirmed for America that we shouldn't worry about the size of his genitals. Now that's classy... With a capital KKK.
I bet kangaroos get tired of holding all of their friend's keys and cell phones while they're at the beach.
Hi! This is my first time in a Fitness Center. How do I start? Personal Trainer: By putting down that Pizza slice!
So I was at the bar last night.. and the waitress screamed...""Anyone know CPR?!"" I said, ""Hell, I know the entire alphabet!"" Everyone laughed...except this *one* guy.
I just bumped into my old headmistress who said how weird it is to see me all grown up now. Surely it would be weirder if I was still 9.
I dont think anyone flushed the toilet because i dont need to hear all of your shit
Britain will be just fine... you always lose a few Pounds after a breakup.
Why did the man quit his job at the helium gas factory? He didn't like being spoken to in that voice
*yawns so wide a bird flies into mouth* *closes mouth* *looks around to see if anyone noticed* *swallows bird* *acts like nothing happened*
Why is Nixon a bad chef? Because he is not a cook.
When my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people......
My special power is reading about a disease and developing all the related symptoms within an hour.
I think my children are spoiled I must have left them unrefrigerated for too long before eating them.
How many dead whores does it take to change a light bulb? More than three, I still can't reach it.
I can't look my former prostitute partner in the face since someone e-mailed me pics of her in the old days. Never look giffed whores in the mouth.
How do you save a drowning mouse ? Use mouse to mouse resuscitation !
ME: I'll have the chicken dinner. WAITER: Yes, sir. *throws corn on the floor* Here, chick chick chick. ME: *pecks at the ground* Excellent.
The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
What's worse than nine eleven? 311
Hey you with the Uggs, Michael Kors bag, iPhone, scarf and super excited voice.. *70 million white women turn around*
Kinda miss the Jane Austen era where a man is driven mad by a woman's hand being ungloved & yet oblivious to her heaving bosom falling out.
Why did Microsoft go straight to Windows 10? Because 7 8 9
I don't want anti-wrinkle cream, I want a serum that bestows wrinkles upon my enemies.
[OC] Did you hear the one about the douchebag bodybuilder with the anal fissure? He's one ripped asshole.
What did the Gay techie say? I do queries.
Say no to shampoo. Demand real poo.
God: What's that? Noah: The aquarium God: For what? Noah: The fish God: Fish can survive floods Noah: *kicks llama* YOU SAID EVERY ANIMAL
What did the magician say when he made his rabbit disappear? Hare today gone tomorrow.
They've finally renamed my gym ""Skinny Guys with Giant Headphones Loudly Dropping Small Weights.""
""My anger began to flow through me like hot mountain sweat.."" Um, don't you mean ""Lava""? ""...like warm hill pee""
My favorite Kardashian is the one who dies first.
What comes before OP? QWERTYUI
I got a joke... your life
I just purchased duct tape at the Dollar Store to fix all of the other shit I bought at the Dollar Store. Life is going exactly as planned.
Accidentally made my Christian Mingle username 'Voldemort69' again
What do women and tornadoes have in common? They scream when they come and take the house when they leave.
Thought I saw a fat guy doing a killer air harmonica but it turns out he was just sneezing over and over.
Yo mama head so small that she got her ear  pierced and died.
A British wizard walks into a gay bar... ...and disappears with a poof
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler? Michael Phelps can finish a race.
Pretty sure I know what my wife's getting me for my birthday cause when I guessed, ""A 3-way?"" she got all angry like I ruined the surprise.
The Captain and Tennille are divorcing. Tennille left him after learning he was only a Petty Officer, Third Class.
4 is currently using scissors to whittle down a pencil. This will be a valuable skill if she ever goes to prison and needs to make a shank.
Did you hear the one about the Viking who was reincarnated? He was Bjorn again.
What is Green...and Smells Like Pork? Kermit the Frog's Finger!!
God grant me the serenity to accept the things Facebook changes, the courage to change the settings I can, and the wisdom to know it won't make a difference.
On Fridays, I always dress for what the weather is going to be at 3am when I drunkenly lock myself out of my apartment.
I wonder who ate the first egg. Like who said, ""I'm a eat the white ball that chicken just shit out.""
Jokes from a college student. How to use green, yellow, and pink in a sentence? The phone goes green, green, green, I pink it up, and say yellow.
Why did the Greeks want Helen back so bad? Are you kidding? She was the most beautiful woman in the world! Can you imagine what her sons would of looked like?
Pirates used to wear eye patches because they had hooks for hands
I've written a book called, 'How Not To Get Conned Out Of Your Money'. It's available in all good bookshops priced 149.99.
What do you call a computer that can sing really well? A Dell.
What does JCPenny and teenagers have in common? Pants 50% off
Do you ever get that creepy deja vu feeling? [credit](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2tc8bn/how_do_you_subtly_fuck_with_people/cny3ig0)
Do you know how to disappoint a fellow redditor? [deleted]
Some kid was being annoying so I hit him on the face with a baseball bat. He started crying and I didn't even bat an eye.
What's the favorite subject of young witches at  school? Spelling.
Why type of lightning likes to play sports?  -Ball lightning
Ok everyone enough of your ""family"" time, come back to the internet. We are your real family.
If green gummy bears are strawberry flavored, what is the flavor of yellow gummy bears? PHLEGMon
Then: Me: I want McDonald's Mom: Do you have McDonald's money? Now: Mom: I want grandkids Me: Do you have grandkids money??
The worst thing a woman can ask a man is ""Guess what today is.""
I've been hearing a lot about mass murderers lately.... It must be a scary time to be catholic.
Why don't they have sex ed and drivers ed on the same day in the middle east? There are never enough camels to go around.
Men are from Mars. Women are from Venus. Mars has 2 moons. Venus has no moons. Do you see where I'm getting at? Men, GIVE BACK OUR MOON!
What is a tresspasser's least favorite number? The number 86. (No seriously. Google ""86"".)
""That goddamn janitor drew a dick on the chalkboard again!"" (Bad Will Hunting.)
How do you determine the sex of a chromosome? Pull down its genes
Why doesnt ray charles see his friends ? Because he is married .
How is circumcision like the Great Jedi Purge? They both get rid of the force kin!
I tried bringing sexy back but the lady at Walmart assured me I didn't get it there.
Teacher : Can't you retain anything in your  head overnight ? Pupil : Of course I've had this cold in my head for two days !
I've been cheating on you guys. Lately, I've been spending my time on my job and real life. They don't mean anything to me, I swear.
Out of? Mom (about her son): Look at these marks Jim has scored... 8.. 10... 7.. Dad: Out of? Mom: Out of pity!
Adam Sandler would have the most kills. His jokes are all dead
The second best ""asm"" is ""sarc.""
What do you call a cow that's just had a baby?  De-calfinated!
Did you hear about the kidnapping at the elementary school? It's ok now, he woke up.
The blonde and the calculator Q: Why couldn't the blonde add 10 and seven on a calculator? A: She couldn't find the 10 key.
Please end the Jew jokes. I had a relative that died in a concentration camp. Poor bastard fell right out of the guard tower.
Feeding your cat a vegan diet is actually pretty easy. The trick is to cut up the vegans in to very small chunks first.
What was the name of the knight who sat all the way around the Round Table? Sir Cumference.
[scale says I've gained 5 pounds] Me: It's probably just what I'm wearing. Wife: You're naked. Me: Wife: Me: It's a heavy deodorant.
My therapist told me cats are not babys, so i let my let my baby shit in his office.
[gf falls asleep during a movie] ME: aw [i get a blanket] ME: *hitting her w/ the blanket* wake up ur missing the part with gollum's riddles
""Why was the Amish girl excommunicated ? Too Mennonite."" - Hitchens
What happened when the butcher backed up into his meat grinder? He got a little behind in his work.
I'm in favour of same sex marriage That's mainly because I've been having the same sex with my wife for the past 20 years
Way into ""Game of Thrones"". Are there any shows that are games of other kinds of chairs?
A termite walks into a bar and asks ""Where is the bar tender?""
Hey babies, I can do 12 push-ups. Impressed? Doap. Typo, meant babes. Impressed? No? Oh. Well then. Impressed babies?
Get the sand out your vagina. if you loose a player match and don't want your rematch bcuz your too pussy, why still try and talk shit xD.
Last night my friend Gavin overdosed on heart burn medicine...... I can't believe Gaviscon.
Invention: When your heart stops beating, your smartphone and laptop instantaneously explode. PATENT PENDING!!
What do you call someone incapable of eating people? A can't-ibal
Did you hear about the half-assed hitman? He assinated his targets.
Did you hear about the blonde who put  ""Sagittarius"" at the bottom of application forms where it said ""Sign  Here"".
Why are European cars the lightest? because there's no Americans sitting in them.
Women with large breasts are generally more successful than men with large breasts.
Wine doesn't have many vitamins. That's why you have to drink a lot of it.
I seriously thought the slang phrase 'This place is 'crackalackin!', actually meant 'This place is lacking white people'.
I have an intense fear of hiccups Luckily, I only ever have one.
Kanye's acceptance speech on the VMA's
Native Americans are all pissed that we took their land when they were here first... ..but we made reservations.
A horse-drawn carriage sounds really romantic until you realize horses can't even hold a pen and the carriage just looks like a scribble.
So Jack helps you off the horse. Will you help Jack off the horse?
They say don't go to a grocery store when you're hungry But I ran out of food a week ago
Why did Anakin Skywalker cross the road? To get to the dark side...
What did Adam say the day before Christmas? It's Christmas, Eve!
What did the hummingbird do to his girlfriend? He nectar!
What do you call a black pilot? You call him a pilot! you racist!
What do you call a cow with no sense of humor ? A feminist
For everyone who's looking, here's a handy list of all the reasons to vote for Donald Trump: There aren't any.
Looking for a friend with benefits. Preferably dental.
implant permanent instagram filters on the cornea of my eyes so everything I see looks nostalgic and vintage
All my tattoos pretty much mean the same thing. I had money to blow.
Will you date me? breathe if yes, swim across the atlantic ocean while reciting the bible in japanese if no
What Do You Call a Girl Who Doesn't Do Kegels? A lazy cunt!
It may seem like I have my shit together, but honestly I just learned how to spell February correctly.
If you tickle a billionaire, will he trickle himself?
I had a masturbation addiction. I beat it.
Why do the people in front of me at the ATM always seems to be having some sort of damn major financial crisis?
Just found out my wife has cooties. I'm headed to the clinic to get tested. So many emotions right now""
I will let someone cut the line I'm waiting in, but only if they let me braid their hair from behind.
What do you call a white slave? Whipped cream.
What is moist, smells great, and is for dinner tonight? My poop
How much does a midget stripper with three kids get paid? Mini-mom wage.
My friend Stephen misheard me when I invited him to this CrossFit gym. He's going to have a hell of a time running in stilettos.
How do you get an 80 year-old woman to swear? How do you get an 80 year-old woman to yell ""F*ck""? You get another 80 year-old woman next to her to yell ""BINGO""
How do you get to the front page of reddit ? Lack of originality
What's Thom Yorke's reddit? /u/KarmaPuhlease
My father's kids won't get this... ...love.
A guy walks into a bar with a gun and shouts ""Which one of you fuckers is reposting jokes on r/jokes?"" A voice from the back called out ""I don't think you have enough bullets m8.""
my career as a Walmart greeter was cut short when the manager noticed me singing ""Welcome to the Jungle"" to every customer
My wife walked in on me last night and shouted, ""What the hell are you doing with that ivory and gold dress?"" I said, ""It's not what it looks like!""
The Reds are going to The Series this year.
""It goes from zero to sixty in 5 seconds."" ""Great. And exactly how much cocaine can I fit in the glove box?"" - Anyone buying a white BMW
Why did the cardiologist bake a cake with partially hydrogenated oil? Because he took the hypocritic oath
Why did the bubblegum cross the road? It was stuck to the chicken's legs.
Whats Donald Trumps favorite album? The Wall
Pappu:- Should i punished for the work which I have not done?? Teacher: - No of course not, but why do you ask? Pappu: - Because, I have not done my home work.... :) :)
What did grandma say to grandpa while in bed? Keep it up!
What do you call an ugly dinosaur? An Isaurus Rex
Q: What do birds give out on Halloween? A: Tweets.
What do you call a rooster with erectile dysfunction? Boneless chicken.
Seize the day. Attack the week. Murder the month. Approach your life in a generally violent way.
My father once told me, ""Son, you're not an African't American, You're an African American't."" Just kidding. I'm black. I don't have a father.
9 guys walk into a gay bar... They don't come out.
A Priest, a rapist and a pedophile walk into a bar... he orders a drink.
I now have an EpiPen. My friend gave it to me as he was dying. It seemed very important to him that I have it.
Siri, answer all of my toddler's stupid questions.
A guy got a hundred dollar bill tattooed on his dick... Now he can play with his money, watch it grow, and you can't find a girl who can't blow a hundred dollars.
This total stranger wanted to have a spontaneous tickle fight on the street and...oh...nope, never mind I'm being robbed. Guys I'm being rob
[Job interview] ""What would you say is your greatest strength?"" ""Sticking my fingers in people's mouths."" ""Arhghv-um-hirv-ok-hrbsj-hired""
Apparently the unbuttoning of a shirt and letting your hair down for a cop only works for women.
Men with itchy butts Have smelly fingers
What do American beer and sex on a boat have in common? Both are fucking close to water.
On November 9th... Me: ""I guess President Hillary Clinton is with VP Tim Kaine now. And both feeling pretty high. You could say she's ....co-Kaine! Hahah!"" Wife: ""Trump won."" Me: ""Shit...""
what did Obama say to Trump? show me your schlong form birth certificate
I think there's a better word for underwear... ... Butt hat's none of my business.
What's yellow and can't swim A bus full of children
Doctors recommend that you drink 8 glasses of water a day and don't fall out of a helicopter
What do you call lying furniture? Untrustable
What's the difference between an apple and a baby? I don't cum on an apple before i eat it.
You guys, my mom wants to know if any of you are going to give her grandchildren.
Welcome to kleptomaniac club. I see you already took a brochure.
What's Hitler's favorite videogame? Mein Kraft.
""You have a BA? Ooooh! Look at you! Well, I have a BA, an MA, & a PhD."" - 3rd degree burn
Black people, want to piss white people off? Open a restaurant. And don't serve coffee or brunch.
Make love not war... Or do both - get married.
What's another name for a boxy plow pulling baby maker? A Mexican. Make America great again! Vote the Donald!
Damn girl, are you my cable remote? Because you are weirdly designed and very confusing, and does this row of buttons even do anything?
How many drummers does it take to screw in a light bulb? Four. One to screw in the light bulb and three to talk about how Neil Peart could've done it better.
What do you call a fat, smelly hermaphodite who gives blow jobs under the bridge for a nickel? Well, YOU call her mom.
As you take another breath, someone takes their last. Stop complaining
Why type of nut do Wallflowers like? Walnuts
""I'm old."" -everyone over the age of 18
A man walks into a bar. Ouch.
When people ask how I got the latest movies on my computer.. I respond by telling them my lovely bay with hella booty gives them to me.arggg
How does procrastination start? I'll tell you tomorrow.
It turns out the only way to get my kids to flush the toilet is for me to be showering when they use it.
My ""Pi"" tattoo is taking longer than I thought
Real women have curves!!! Real women have spirals!!! Real women are plump and covered in a creamy sauce wait nope thinkin of pasta
Why do porn scenes use condoms during intercourse, but not during the blowjob and climax? So they can see it coming
""Omelet you finish" -Kanyegg West
So a guy calls into work and says, ""I can't come in today, I'm seeing spots."" ""Have you seen a doctor?"" ""No, just the spots.""
How does a paralympian call home, after winning a medal? handsfree
When grammar nazis correct me, I start to make errors on purpose to mess with them. You can say I'm passive, aggressive.
Why are sharts always a surprise? Because you can never see that shit coming.
therapist: im glad u overcame ur fear of snakes and all but- me, with a snake: ur gonna say i shouldn't have married this snake aren't u
I guess hookers are getting into the holiday spirit. I seen one today advertising pumpkin spice pussy.
If H2O is inside a fire hydrant, what is outside? K9P.
How does the executioner like his coffee? Decap
What do you say when you see two fetuses making out? ""Oh get a womb""
What does Pittsburgh have in common with Peter Pan? The Pirates always lose.
What do you call the man who proofread Hitler's speeches? The original grammar Nazi.
ME: [shouting upstairs] dinner's ready! 6YR OLD: what are we having? ME: you'll like it! trust me! 6: I ain't falling for that shit again
My cell phone is so nervous whenever I go to the countryside... ...it's constantly on EDGE.
My wife asked why I keep my guns in the library. I said it's for shelf-defense.
ignorance or apathy? I dont know and I dont care
A 13 yr old just told me I was cool for an old person. I almost slapped her then she said ""you're like 23, right? I bought her ice cream.
I once dated someone with really smelly feet, the smell used to bring tears to my eyes... It was like someone was chopping bunions.
I was watching the Cosmos, when Neil Degrasse Tyson related our genes are similar to ones in trees That means that all men have got wood in dem jeans.
[breakfast in hell] STALIN: Toast is burnt POL POT: Eggs are rotten HITLER: I hate the juice STALIN: Oh here we go HITLER: I said JUICE
Use 'discount' in a sentence. Teacher: Johnny, please use ""discount"" in a sentence. Johnny: Yes ma'am, ""Does discount as a sentence?""
How many times can look at the sun with a telescope? You can do this twice. One time with you right eye and one with your left!
I never understood why vets... aren't called dogtors.
Fewer US schools are selling candy, soda and chips to students After all, that stuff is horrible for pregnancies!
My girlfriend thinks that I'm a stalker... ...Well, she's not exactly my girlfriend yet.
Also, to all the people with egg avatars... have you thought about where you'll hide on Easter yet?
I just finished a whole stick chap stick without losing it or replacing it. In case any of you women want to know how faithful I am.
What's got four legs and one arm? A Rottweiler.
I dream of a world where even lactose is tolerated by everyone.
Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
I don't think Muslims go far enough in killing people who draw images of the prophet Mohammed. I think they should kill people who are named after him as well.
what is kurt cobain's eye color Blue. One blue to left, one blue to the right.
A dick has a sad life. His hair's a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his bestfriend's a pussy, and his owner beats him.
How Do You Get an Elephant Out of the Fairway? You take the F out of Fair and the F out of Way
My mom keeps asking questions like 'When you gonna be famous?' I tell her, 'As soon as they find the bodies.'
I told my doctor i was scared and nervous when i got tested for HIV... He said 'Just calm down and try to think positive.'
Two fish are in a tank one turns to the other and says ""do you know how to drive this thing?""
[dentist's full hand and wrist in my mouth, also his keys?] so u visited Spain u said? tell me. tell me every goddamn detail about Spain
What's the difference between a lead guitarist and a terrorist? You can actually negotiate with a terrorist.
What did one fish say to another fish after Eve had her first bath? Great, now we smell like woman.
What did the judge do to the lawyer who insulted him? He got him diss barred.
I usually prefer buffets to a la carte restaurants. Someone once asked me if I enjoyed Italian restaurants, and I said, I prefer Italiacan restaurants.
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
what is the hardest part about having a daughter in your early 20's? Fighting all of those physically fit teenagers when you're in your late 30's.
Cat got your tongue? Frog in your throat? Monkey on your back? Butterflies in your stomach? You may be dead in a field.
Getting a neck tattoo is probably the coolest way to show your love for manual labour.
The nice thing about getting a pet lobster is that you can always threaten to eat it when your kid stops taking care of it.
If someone dies from laced cocaine, does the coroner write ""devastating blow"" on the death certificate?
eer booze and fun!' 'Remember an alcoholic & a drunk are not the same thing at all. The alcoholic has to attend meetings.
what did the cannibal get when he showed up late to a dinner party A cold shoulder
Why Cant Girls Count To 70? .....Because 69 is a mouthful
(NSWF) Whats funner than a dead baby A dead baby wearing a clown outfit
*pretty girl walks by and doesn't make eye contact* She must be intimidated that I manage a fantasy football team that is 8-1
What do I have that FC Barcelona doesn't? A semi
Morpheus: If you take the red pill, I will show you what the Matrix is. Neo: *ingests pill* Whoa. Morpheus: It's also a powerful laxative.
If God wanted me to mow my own lawn, He wouldn't have given me the ability to earn a postgraduate degree.
Have you ever eaten a salad, then had a chickpea on your face?
[drive thru] GUY ON INTERCOM: can I help you ME: yeah are you guys open
The reason I love mushrooms Cause just like mushrooms... I'm a fun guy.
To catch a grandpa, you must THINK like a grandpa *eats butterscotch candy, clicks on obvious spam email*
If you haven't logged onto Facebook for awhile, Judy Ann Ross from 10th grade algebra is enjoying a chicken salad sandwich right now.
The platypus is what happens when you take a perfectly good concept and send it to network executives for notes.
Nobody Likes This. I want to make a Facebook account and the name will be Nobody so when I see stupid crap people post, I can Like it. And it will say Nobody Likes This.
I bought a 5 gallon drum of correction fluid the other day. Big mistake.
How many Biebers does it take to change a light bulb? None. There are no light bulbs in the closet. Another one: Why is Justin Bieber so pale? Because there's no light inside the closet
You've got to hand it to blind prostitutes.
""Guess my nationality"" the old man said Deducing from the man's accent that he was Briish, the other man said so. ""You're correct, but where's the t?"" asked the man. ""In the harbor""
It's bad enough when the little voices in my head talk to me. But now they are texting.
What is the most popular cheese in ""the Upside Down""? Demogorgonzola
What do dyslexic zombies eat? Brians.
How can you tell if a black guy is well hung? You can't fit your finger between the noose and his neck.
Valar morghulis the feminist extremists' motto.
TIL ~10,000 people quit smoking every year By dying. I'll ^show ^^myself ^^^out
Why are stock traders so good at sex? Same principal, you gotta pull out at the right moment or it costs you.
What do you call a party of communists that haven't seen each other in years? Soviet Reunion Terrible and painful, I know.
What's the difference between acne and a priest? Acne waits until you're 13 before it comes on your face.
I told my girlfriend that I wanted to be cremated... I then told my family that I had no specific burial requests, just make sure that they don't have me cremated, no matter what.
Ethics of the police
How many brits are needed to change a light bulb None they just terminate their apartment contract.
Conjecture: At some point in 2013, our neighbors will get so high that they accidentally sell their own weed. For weed money. To buy weed.
Diary June 28 1954 So it turns out my weakness is kryptonite. I can't tell anybody this. June 30 1954 I accidentally told Lex. Should be ok
I have a new job. I'm a dressing room attendant for dancers at a strip club. $300/week. That's not much, but it's all I can afford.
What's the difference between a fish and a mountain goat? Fish muck about in fountains...
So what do Islam and Subway Sandwich Shop have in common? A: They both had a pedophile spokesman. http://www.citizenliberty.com/2015/11/so-what-do-islam-and-subway-common.html
Did you hear about that new species of mosquito? It's called the Nickelback, it really sucks.
What spends a good 3 hours a day in my hand? *hint* it starts with P and ends with S. Pens! :D ... wait what were YOU THINKING?!?!?!
It's so cold this morning I had to seperate my dogs poop into two seperate bags and use them as hand warmers.
What if Stephen Hawking is the real Slim Shady? But we'll never know, because he can't stand up?
if it's called morning wood for men then what is it for women.. Morning dew.
Flight to Vegas...guy in front of me has a bouquet made up of dollar bills. Pro Tip: That stripper will never marry you bro.
make your life more efficient by cutting out the middle man. quit your job. kill your friends. throw your food directly into the toilet.
Duck you AutoCorrect! You Blimb! I'm way more BadApps than you make me out to be! You Ducking piece of shed..BuckFace Toothless Bastilleday!
What is a polygon? A dead parrot.
How do you reheat a cold war? You nuke it.
Why shouldn't you let your kids run more than a mile? Because at the second mile they get raped.
Hey parents with teenagers, the bottle of vodka in your liquor cabinet is water.
How did a sexy but unqualified Japanese woman get voted into public office? Erections
Whats the difference between a canoe and a jew? One tips the other doesn't.
What do you call a black guy in a museum? Antique farm equipment
What's the difference between a Snowman and a Snowwoman? **SnowBalls!**
After today the rest of the world will get ""FOUR MORE YEARS!"" without having to hear about the US election.
LPT: Never use hyperbole.
Lubricant?? ... Lubri-CAN!!!
Whenever I walk into a crowded men's room, I shout So this is where all the dicks hang out!
If you're American & I ever hear you use the word ""whilst" this I swear: you will not live to see the 3rd season of Sherlock.
How can you tell if a groom is Polish? He would be the one with the clean bowling shirt.
Barber: Were you wearing a red scarf when you came in? Customer: No. Barber: Oh dear! Then I must have cut your throat.
Toucan: Albanians kidnap Liam Neesons bird
[Coworker] Are you smiling at your stapler? No, just checking for spinach [Laughs nervously]. Oh, good. [Me, to stapler] Sorry baby I had to
To err is human
Who's your dad's cousin's cousin's daughter to you? A potential Tinder date.
did you hear about the psychic midget who escaped from prison? he is a small medium, at large
mmmm This chocolate speaks my language. Or it would, if it weren't being eaten. So. I guess it's probably horrified-screaming my language.
I was screwing this African woman last night, she kept yelling the N word It was really hard to concentrate with her screaming no the entire time
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? SNOWBALLS
my glass eye is freaking you out? sorry I didn't real eyes.
Does anyone else bring a bag of clever disguises to the grocery store in case there's a wine sampling booth that day?
What's the difference between a vacuum cleaner and a Harley Davidson? The vacuum has the dirtbag on the inside.
How can you tell if someone is having a stroke? There is lotion and used tissues laying around
Hey you know how people say they hate math because it doesn't make sense? I think that is unfair because math loves them. The problem is that math shows its love by playing hard to get.
I was doing so well getting over my viagra addiction... But I couldn't keep it up.
A girl runs up to her mother with a pile of crap in her hand ""Look what I almost stepped in!""
I grow herbs in my bed. Bed thyme.
Am I crazy... ... or does it smell like boogers in here?
Why did Barbie never get pregnant? Because Ken came in a different box. Badum tiss.
I got kicked out of a store trying to buy condoms All I wanted was to use their fitting room!
I went to a show at the zoo, but the monkeys went wild and stated flinging poo at everybody... What a shit show
What did the ghost say to the bee? Boo bee!
The UK Government has decided to make LSD legal as a drug for weight loss It makes sense if you think about it. It's kinda hard to get to the fridge when there's a dragon guarding it...
No matter how angry you get about something... ... you can't any angrier than a midget with a yo-yo.
Telling someone they can't be sad because others have it worse, is like telling someone they can't be happy because others have it better!
COW: I'm constipated DR DOG: when was ur last bowel moooo-vement lol C: ur doing puns right now? DD: gonna milk this for all its worth lmao
Donald Trump's presidential campaign emerges victorious! title
Me: You should be nicer to me. You'll never have another dad. 5-year-old: Don't be so sure. Mom is pretty.
What do vegan zombies eat? Graaaaains!
How many alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb? To get to the other side!
What does a gay man and a rhubarb have in common? It's not right to call them a fruit.
""WE WILL FIGHT TO THE DEATH! After you try this delicious glazed poultry I've prepared for you all."" --General Tso
Did you hear about the new Die Hard where Willis Infiltrates a Corrupt Nunnery? ""*Bad Habits Die Hard.*""
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it was pizza.
What US state has the most cows? Moosouri!
I'm trying to get on your good side, but I haven't found it yet.
What happened when fire and the wheel were invented? People got lit and turnt.
What's the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest? A suicide vest will blow you.
'How to Win Friends &amp
I have a job crushing pop cans. It's soda pressing.
Bad weather is My way of temporarily punishing you. Bad climate is your way of permanently punishing you.
What do prison and the Caps Lock button have in common? They both turn ""o"" into an ""O"".
Two cannibals are eating a math teacher. Another approaches, and asks.. ""Hey, can I have sum?""
Why did both Germany and the U.S want to hire Apes during World War Two? Because they are excellent at waging Gorilla warfare!
The fastest and most deadly land mammal is a woman who has noticed another woman flirting with her man.
If a British person calls 911 and says, ""It's a bloody mess"" how does the operator know if there's blood or the person is just being British
What do you call a prematurely born Chinese baby? Sudden Lee
Two drums and a cymbal jump off a cliff... Ba dum tss.
The United Nations is like a black father You know it exists but it's just never there when you need it .
What do dissecting a frog and explaining a joke on Reddit have in common? Both are shitty novelties.
What's the tallest building in [insert your town/city here] The Library, it has the most stories......
The thing about statistics is, if you gather enough, you'll find a coincidence.
Remember when... ... the General Motors jobs were in Flint, and you couldn't drink the water in Mexico. And now...
I'm writing a movie script about a group of Kenyan refugees who are breaking track records in a suburban American high school... I call it, ""Fast times at Ridgemont High""
Our topic today: Should we legalize monster trucks? We'll speak to monster truck expert Kevin, age 8. He believes they are ""cool and big.""
What do you call a Muslim woman without a burka? Dead.
I am 99% sure USA's Student's t is 2.576. Because America got an infinite degree of freedom.
Son of Sam I Am, a serial killer who targets people who won't try new foods.
This week is the 40th anniversary of the Rubik's Cube. If you kids don't know what a Rubik's Cube is, it's what people would stare at without human interaction before cellphones.
Hi I was calling about the $300/hour part time job I read about in a sexy ad I saw on an illegal torrent site. Are you guys still hiring?
Why did the cz-75 get the girl pregnant? It took too long to pull out.
SATURDAY TIP: simply because mother has fallen asleep that's no reason to stop the footrub
""Want to hear a joke about potassium?"" ""Yes"" ""K""
Your momma's so fat... ...that when I asked her what her what her favorite time of the year was, she said, ""dinner time.""
What's the difference between a knife, and an argument with a female? A knife has a point...
*pays $20 for deluxe car wash* *hits roughly 3,287,998 bugs during 2 mile drive home*
I've got a friend who's a psychopath and he's got a brilliant sense of humour. He kills me!
I hit some kid riding a skateboard today, on the way to work. On a lighter note, I'm selling a lightly used skateboard.
How many hookers does it take to screw in a light bulb? I don't know, but my basement's still dark
""I'm hungry!"" says your sister... ""Hi Hungry, I'm Dad"" your father replies Two hours later, your dad says, ""I'm fucking hungry!""
What happened to Wendy from Wendy's? ""The Baconator""
Breaking News: PIRATES STOPPED STEALING OIL TANKERS They switched to stealing tankers filled with printer ink...
I was out with my bf and a waiter called me a 'cradle robber' cuz he's 18 and I'm 43. Totally ruined our 10th anniversary.
Cat: Human, congratulations, I've chosen your face to sleep upon tonight. If at some point you cannot breathe, do not wake me.
Every year you swallow ten beetles in your sleep! That's what my gastroentomologist told me.
How do you turn regular water into holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
I ate so much at Thanksgiving, I had to loosen my Fitbit. (Credit to my future mother-in-law for this suprise zinger)
What is atheism? A non-prophet organisation.
My ex-girlfriend is standing at the opposite end of the museum from me! I want to go say hi but there's just so much history between us.
I hate when new parents ask who the baby looks like--it was born 15 minutes ago, it looks like a potato.
Mmmmm.... delicious!
Well, well, well. Guess who the grocery store asked to come back soon
What have Brussel sprouts and pubic hair got in common? You brush them both to the side and carry on eating.
And breaking news, a man has been rushed to hospital after having 6 plastic horses shoved up his ass. He is in a stable condition.
Is it proper to eat a hamburger with your fingers? No you should eat your fingers separately!
It's a good thing the pilgrims and indians feasted on turkey instead of cats at the original Thanksgiving... ...otherwise we would only get to eat pussy once a year.
Molestation Such a touchy subject
People find one band-aid and suddenly no one wants anymore of my homemade salsa.
Man goes to a burger stand and asks for an Oasis burger The vendor asks what an Oasis burger is. You get a roll with it.
Plot Twist: Africa adopts Angelina Jolie
If trump gets elected can we make a show similar to the apprentice but when Trump says ""your fired"" he sends a nuclear missile at a country.
Former District attorney lost job after scandal, now a male sex worker. Most of his jobs are pro-boner
Why do Redditors pay with exact change? They can't stand a Nickleback!
I'm sick of everyone one reddit corecting my spelling.
Today seems like a good day to wash my hair and take 10 selfies wearing 10 different shirts so I can pretend I look human on a regular basis
Shout out to political bumper stickers, changing nobody's mind and lowering the value of your car and whatnot.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four they'd be called chicken sedans!
Why did the engineer drive the backwards? He had a loco motive.
A rapist made a pornhub account... His porn/stage name was Ben Dover
What do you call chips that aren't yours? Nacho chips
I was 3 yrs old when my mom was diagnosed with my brother.
What do you call a Crazy female deer? A doenut
What did the black Jew say to the non-believers? We Israel..
I dig my own Grave. Adds Inter-ior designer to Resume.
What do Australian chess players say when they're finished eating at a restaurant? Check mate.
Why was the clownfish sad? Because its friends were anemones.
How do you keep brown bears off your property? Build a wall
I love telling jokes... But I always punch up the fuck line.
Sorry a remote fell out when you took off my bra
What's the biggest difference between men and women? The phrase ""I went through a whole box of tissues watching that film."" is a good place to start.
I only entered the witness protection program for the free plastic surgery.
What's the difference between a peeping tom and a pickpocket? Well, the pickpocket snatches watches
6yo Son: Dad, why'd you spray cologne down there when you got outta the shower? Me: How's ice cream for dinner sound?
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double-entendre... So he gives it to her.
LOUD PART, quiet part, LOUD PART, quiet part. There, I wrote a symphony. What's the big deal?
How do you fit an elephant in a teacup? You take the f out of way. ~~say it out loud if you don't get it~~
How do you know the economy is only getting worse? On the latest episode of ""Celebrity Apprentice"", Donald Trump fired himself!
Old MacDonald had a very bad Scrabble hand... E-I-E-I-O.
Q: What did the gangster's son tell his dad when he failed his examination? A: Dad they questioned me for 3 hours but I told them nothing.""
My front door was locked so I tried to force it open. Then my wife said ""You're not a Jedi Paul, just use the goddamn key.""
""How would you describe the woman who attacked you?"" *Describes mother* *Gets a copy of picture* *Gives it to mum as late birthday present*
Friends are like snow flakes. If you pee on them they go away.
There's probably a whole circle in hell that's just full of guys beatboxing.
Why did the chick disappoint his mother? Because he wasn't all he was *cracked up* to be.
Why is it so hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs? They're always taking things...literally.
If water is h20, what is ice H2O^3
Imagine if your roommate made you watch a movie and left 10 mins into it. Dick move, right? My point is old people shouldn't get to vote
Apparently ""naked"" is not the answer when someone mad at you asked, how do you sleep at night?
What was Ol' Dirty Bastard's favorite vegetable? Nigga, peas!
What a coincidence. My state of the unit address focuses on jobs as well.
I saw a man with a several rabbits on his head today... When I inquired as to why he had rabbits on his head, he simply stated ""From a distance they look like hares""
A Lawyer walks into a bar Well, technically, he wasn't a lawyer yet...
DJ Daemon maintains the beats in the background.
The police came to my door to tell me my dogs were chasing people on bikes. The fuck they are, I said. My dogs don't even have bikes.
your Lonely Score is the maximum number of forks a takeout place has given you for your single person food order. my score is 4
No I don't think you're stupid, I just think you have real bad luck when it comes to thinking
What did the Zero say to the Eight? Nice belt.
Me - ""Hey kiddo, you have your shoes on the wrong feet"" My 6 year old - ""I ain't got no other feet""
Dear Algebra, Don't make us find your X. She is never going to come back, And don't ask Y.
Q: Why did the condom fly across the room? A: It was pissed off.
What sport do you play with a wombat? Wom
What did the OCD man get thrown in jail for? Organized crime.
20 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs. Now we have no cash, no hope and no jobs. God please don't kill Kevin Bacon.
CW: It's 11:11 make a wish. Me: I wish I could throw a clock at your face.
23rd Century Scientist: We're sending you to 1889 to kill baby Hitler. Four words: Stick. To. The. Mission. Henry Ford: Yes, sir.
""Blinding Nemo"" #BPMovies
If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster's feet, what would I have? Two feet of my cock in your ass.
What do you call a armless, legless man in water? Bob.
What does an alcoholic ghost drink? BOO'S.
Turning to an episode of Seinfeld and discovering it's one you've never seen is like finding a twenty dollar bill in your pocket.
Who's Bill Cosby's favourite Disney princess? Sleeping Beauty
What do you get when you mix a red tie and a shit hair cut? Mexico and Canada scratching their heads thinking, how the FUCK!?
I'm going out with a girl I met online who's a vegetarian... I've never met *herbivore* :)
What seperates black people and white people? The bars. Shoutout to my bud Treyvon for this joke from almost 7 years ago.
I bet the frankincense guy was all like, ""Let's put the three items in one gift basket and the basket can be from all of us.""
A friendly reminder to Republicans... ...to set your clocks 60 years ahead and join the rest of us in the 21st century.
You know what they say about cliffhangers ...
I couldn't find the thingy that peels the carrots and potatoes, so I asked the kids if they'd seen it Apparently, she left me a few days ago
What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy on her period? You get your palm red for free
So I heard the royal baby was 8 pounds. That's awfully cheap for a human baby.
*pokes sex life with a stick
Oh, I almost forgot
I believe in ""you're stupid"" at first sight.
What's the difference between England and Oscar Pistorius? England gets off scott-free.
""Rock. Paper. Scissors."" - terrible surgeon
What is a bed's least favourite time of year? Spring break.
heres a knock knock joke for you knocks nock nock. whos there dickey doo dickey doo who ya stomach sticks out further than ya dickey doo
Did you hear the one about the 2 gay ghosts? They kept giving each other the willies!
Why should you bury indians 10 feet deep? Because deep down they're good people
PRO TIP: Despite the name, never hand Krazy Glue to a crazy person...especially if you're both naked & only have the hotel room for an hour.
Women have closets full of 'I have nothing to wear.'
What did the Blind, Deaf man get for Christmas?? Cancer
I give to you a joke I made up when I was seven: Why did the computer crash? Because it had a bad driver! *drops mic*
""Let's check in with Ted our correspondent in the field."" Ted: ""Hey Bob I've been in this field for about an hour, and I'm super bored.""
Two generations that were unable to go to bed without their stuffed animals or blankies now feel the same way about their phones.
The script for the upcoming Tetris movie is terrible Each actor just says four lines and then disappears.
I bought a book yesterday-a real one with paper, and you have to turn pages and everything! Living like a cave person. Life is hard.
A teenager buys condoms for the first time... The cashier says, ""That'll be $9.95 plus tax."". Horrified, the boy exclaims ""I thought they stayed on by themselves!""
""This surgical knife isn't sharp" ...Dr. Swiftie said bluntly.
Say 'beer can' in a British accent. I just taught you to say 'bacon' in a Jamaican accent.
Look dude, I'm going to need to see alot more chest hair and jewelry if you want into my Disco party
I was walking through a graveyard this morning and saw a man squatting by a tombstone. I shouted ""Morning!"" He replied ""No, just pooping.""
Q: How do you get 27 kids to carve a statue? A: Have everybody chip in.
What do rednecks do on Halloween? Pump-kin!
I haven't told anyone but last night I let my husband indulge his ""scat"" fetish. I'm glad I got that off my chest.
*eats half a pan of brownies while making salad for dinner*
""911? Yes I need to report an incident"" ""What is it mam?"" ""THIS. GIRL. IS. ON. FIRE!"" ""Getting real tired of this crap, Alicia.""
I came up with a new word that means taking someone else's work and passing it off as my own. Plagiarism
Are you writing a thank you letter to Grandma  like I told you to? Yes Mom. Your handwriting seems very large. Well  Grandma's very deaf so I'm writing very loudly.
The memory foam in my mattress is probably wishing it could forget me.
What do rednecks do on Halloween? Pump-kin.
If Donald Trump becomes president, he'll increase taxes, he'll increase borders... And the population of Canada.
How did the prostitute get a job at the zoo? They heard she could handle a cockatoo.
Found newspaper from day my son was born. Originally saved so he could see news of that day. Now saving so he can see what a newspaper was.
 You better watch out, you better not cry, you better not pout, I'm telling you why. Life gets worse when you're an adult. 
Why doesn't Jesus play basketball? He got crossed up.
""Kim Jong Il dies at 69."" That's how I'd like to go. With wet balls and a face full of cunt.
So I got asked if I wanted a threesome... I said no thanks, if I wanted to disappoint two people at once I'd go out to dinner with my parents.
Bandwagon fans make me so mad, I've hated Benghazi for decades
Yo momma's pussay is like the white house: No bush, and there's a black guy in there now.
What do you call a pessimistic Mexican? A Mexican't
All the kings horses and all the kings men probably feel like they're being grossly underutilized with that whole egg thing.
teacher: ""there are no stupid questions"" me: ""ya ok but why isnt the plural of moose, meese""
Which astronaut wears the biggest helmet? The one with the biggest head.
I'm so pissed right now I'm going to open a can of... what the hell, when did they start putting child proof lids on the cans of whoop-ass?
Facebook memories are a great way to see how fat you've gotten.
What does a grizzly wear under his fur? Under-bear.
What is the best part of living in Flint You get free Orange Juice
Muffins. So there are two muffins in an oven. One says to the other, ""Is it getting hot in here, or is it just me?"" And the second one says, ""Holy shit, a talking muffin!""
Unemployment rate went down to historic lows I think I might switch my major to art -No one ever
What is Fonzi's favorite letter of the alphabet? ""F"", for Fonzi. Duh.
How's Bud Light like having sex in a canoe? They're both fucking pretty close to water.
If your wife is shouting Q: If your wife is shouting at the front door and your dog is barking at the back door, who do you let in first? A: The dog -- at least he'll quiet down after you let him in.
New Coworker: So do you have any kids? Me: Yeah, one too many New Coworker: Haha, oh yeah? How many do you have? Me: One
Buffalo Snow Not to make light of a deadly situation, but if this storm and flood ends up wiping away Buffalo, my chicken wing collection is going to be worth a fortune.
What did the Buddhist say to the Hot-Dog vendor? Make me one with everything.
I had the dream again, the one where I show up to a standardized test with a no.3 pencil.
What's the difference between a cat and a comma? A cat has claws at the end of it's paws, a comma has a pause and the end of it's clause.
What do you call a cow who has just had an abortion? De-calf-inated
Two crows walk into a bar. Before they can order their first drink, they get arrested for attempted murder.
Did you hear that great joke about Schrodinger's cat?
Advice from a 6 year old patient: ""You should wear your stethoscope everywhere...girls will really like you. You look smart""
<--- only has 13 problems left. Turns out, getting divorced cured 86 of em!
Princess Peach: Something's different. You seem taller. Luigi wearing Mario's red overalls: No, nothing is different. It'sa me, Mario.
What's something white people can call other white people but black people can't call other black people? Dad.
Whoever said, ""there's no place like home for the holidays"" clearly hasn't been to my house.
A security camera caught a couple having sex in an elevator. .... They got off on the eighth floor.... then they straightened their clothing and exited the elevator on the 14th floor.
What's the difference between r/politics and r/liberal? None
*hops off a horse* alright buddy, your turn
A sexist, a racist and a homophobe walk into a bar Bartender: 'What will it be, Mr Trump?'
Two fish are in a tank One turns to the other and asks ""How do you drive this thing?""
Hey girl, are you Liam Neeson's daughter? Because if so nvm
I asked my wife if she enjoys a cigarette after sex and she said, ""No, one drag is enough.""
Did you like the movie yesterday? How is Jerry doing at school? It's a pity you broke up with Mark, he was OK. ""Do I know you?"" ""I follow you on twitter.""
Probably my worst birthday was my 9th because my mom was in jail & her boyfriend TJ made me a pinata filled with maggots & hair.
[Deathbed Confession] I wish I'd listened to my girlfriend more often. Especially as I crossed the road after she yelled BUS.
So in the old days Jesus told me that he needs an ark, I reply : ""I noah guy""
I was Hungary... so Iran to Turkey
how many calories are in a horse
retweet if a walrus named jamaal got you pregnant then wouldn't pay child support so you had to take him to Maury
A polite penis stands up when a lady wants to sit down
Sally Why did Sally fall of the swing? She had no arms. Knock knock (Reader says who's there) Not Sally.
Why Wasn't Hitler Allowed to Host Jeapoardy? He kept asking the contestants if their answers were their final solution.
I don't care who dies in the movie but it better not be the dog.
What did the child with no arms and no legs get for Christmas? Cancer.
How many Ferguson protesters does it take to change a light bulb? None
I wish I could commute by roller coaster.
Why do girls always walk around in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
A repost walks into a bar Bartender says ""shit, you again?!"".
At my funeral the priest will throw my corpse into the crowd and whoever catches it will be the next to die
For the low, low price of $14.95, I'll send you my instructional DVD, ""How to Succeed as a Con Man.""
A man walks into a bar... Because he forgot he was in Jail
She said, ""I want you to make love to me so badly."" He replied, ""And that's exactly what I'm going to do.""
No thanks, dentist's office that used to be a house
One of my black friends told me this, and I didn't know if I should laugh: What do you call a black hitchhiker? Stranded
Chuck Norris was the orginal sculptor of Mount Rushmore. He completed the entire project using only a bottle opener and a drywall trowel.
The Chinese emperor went out on a guys night. It was the man-date of heaven.
Not everything Donald Trump says is stupid. He also says ""Tremendous"", ""Sad"", and ""Pathetic"".
What do a cue ball and a mexican have in common? The harder you hit them, the more English you get out of them.
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
So this ray of light broke bad. It was put in prism.
Hellen Keller walks into a bar. And then a table, and then a stool.
In my dreams, my balloons come back down and apologize for leaving me.
What do you call a fish with no eye? FSH
Guys! I demand you stop making jokes about 9/11! Its just plane wrong!
Accept it. Your parents HAVE had sex before.
There are three types of people... People who can count and people who can't
A Facebook friend posted 8 pictures of himself fixing a lawnmower, so I drove over and shot him. It just felt like the right thing to do.
Nuts. When you have nuts on the wall they're called walnuts. When you have nuts on your chest they're called chestnuts. When you have nuts on your chin you're called a cocksucker.
There is no 'I' in 'Denial'
You know what is intense? Camping. Is intense.
Pineapple Jokes When is an apple not an apple?
What do call a white guy in a burning building? Fire cracker
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
If you walk a mile in my shoes, you'll end up at the bar...
If I could be indestructible for a day, its scary how many sharks I'd make out with.
Idiot college called, they want there mascot back.
My favourite sex position is the JFK I splatter all over her while she screams and tries to get out of the car.
Male excuses: 1. I forgot 2. I didn't know 3. I wasn't sure 4. What?
Me: How was the party last night? 17: It was fun. The cops came. Me: What??? 17: Nah, it's cool. We got away. Me: That's my girl.
And so, Jesus said unto Peter ""Come forth and win yourself eternal glory"" But Peter came fifth and won himself a toaster
What's a poker player's favorite sitcom? Full House.
Cotton Mouth I hate when i get cotton mouth, but that happens a lot when you eat a lot of pants.
I recently saw a movie about nuts and bolts..... The plot was riveting!
8 *walks into the house with covered in mud* Me: MY LORD 8: well that's a nice way to greet me but no, just your son.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhinoceros? Elephino  \_()_/ 
Head and Shoulders should make a body wash called Everything Else
My signature move is having my phone connected for hours to a charger that's not even plugged in.
TIFU Your girl was on my lap
There's both a McDonald's and a blood pressure machine at our Walmart. Circle of life.
""What are you doing? Are you writing down everything I'm saying?! IS THIS GONNA BE A SONG?!?!"" -anyone dating Taylor Swift
Why is there so much blood in my alcohol system?
The cast of Star Wars VII just finished their first read through (spoilers) Mark Hamill pulled JJ Abrams to the side and said ""Can I have a word?""
What do you call a ghost chicken? A poultry-geist!
My computer said hello to me It's a Dell.
I'm a simple man *bites a pinecone* I enjoy simple things *tosses a gun into a lake* that's why I decided to let these bees live in my skull
""You made your bed now lay in it"" doesn't really sound like a punishment to me. I love laying in a freshly made bed. And other 5am thoughts
Dwayne ""The Rock"" Johnson just found out 2 of his kids are gay... ...I guess you can say they are fruity pebbles.
I am so dwarf that... I am so dwarf that people don't take me seriously enough to win any competition other than stand up comedy!
Give it to me straight ""I'd really like to have sex with you-"" Now give it to me gay ""-r boyfriend.""
BREAKING NEWS: Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to release detailed document on what Willis was talking about.
[During Interview] ""Do you have any questions?"" - Yeah, inTitanic why did Jack sink when he died but everyone else floated?
How do you get a witch pregnant? You fuck her.
As it turns out, ""harder"" is a horrible safe word.
I think my washing machine used to belong to Usain Bolt. It has a setting for fast coloureds.
I ate peanut butter and got an allergic reaction. I got sued.
How did Helen Keller break her arms? She tried to read a road sign going 45mph
I was grilling, and dropped a hamburger patty Now it's ground beef
This lady stalks me everyday from work to my home, and i'm beginning to like her People say its just stalk-home syndrome
Me: My blood pressure is sky high. I need to get my affairs in order. Him: Make a will? Me: I was thinking flings with hot men, but OK.
Tommy Cooper gag A classic Tommy Cooper gag ''I said to the Gym instructor ""Can you teach me to do the splits?'' He said, ''How flexible are you?'' I said, ''I can't make Tuesdays'', was fifth.
I hope this Hurricane is a Joaquin the park 
Why haven't Fruity/cocoa pebbles teamed up with a milk company to make the flavor of milk that has the taste after you eat the cereal.Idiots
What did the hipster epidemiologist say to United States citizens at a press conference? You probably won't get it.
What do you call a cross between two KKK members? Burning
What do you always get on your birthday?  Another year older!birt
Want to hear a joke about Potassium? K.
How to make Holy Water Friend: Hey, how do you make Holy Water? Me: Uhh...Let me think... Why? Friend: You boil the hell out of it! Me: Get out.
I'm going to save my resolution for 2015, I think I want to be an asshole for another year.
You should never live in the past. Unless you're a time traveler. Cause dinosaurs rule.
One way to find out if you're old is to fall down in front of a group of people. If they laugh, you're young, if they panic, you're old.
How many men does it take to fix a women's watch? Why does she need a watch? There is a clock on the oven!
Matthew McMonaughey's Lincoln doesn't make left turns... It just goes all right, all right, all right.
I knew Donald Trump was a bro as soon as I knew his taste in music. We both love The Wall.
I like to walk up to psychics, punch them in the face and say... ""Betcha didn't see that one coming""
Where do psychopaths shop? In sainsburys *i understand that if your not from the UK this joke probably won't make sense, or it's just not funny*
I heard One Direction released a new album recently... ...it's titled ""Ray""
Dingo: The dingo community is known for many other things TV Host: What are cooking for us today? Dingo: I'm making my famous baby coleslaw
Q: How can you tell when Bill Clinton is lying? A: Only a Bill Clinton supporter is too dumb to know the answer to this one.
Leaving restaurant: ""That was lovely"" Outside: ""Well, it was okay"" In car: ""I mean, it wasn't great"" Back home: ""We won't go there again""
What do UP! and push-up have in common? First you have a great time, but after 5 minutes you end up crying.
Sometimes relationships last longer when Facebook doesn't know about them.
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite note? High G.
My girlfriend isn't a fan of Starwars, says I would have to force her to go. ""*ss****SSkkkk****rrowwmm****mzzrreowwwowwww***.""
3 guys walk into a bar Three guys walk into a bar. The forth guy ducks.
What's the going rate to find out a girl isn't into you? My recent observation concludes ~$140. Great weekend.
Adele has announced that she will be singing the theme for the next James Bond film. Diet Another Day will be released in 2014.
Everything is easier said than done. Except for talking, that's about the same.
Sex is a lot like eating It starts with the mouth and ends in the arse
I ran 3 miles this morning, so if I did my math correctly, I can eat 3 pounds of cake today.
At a job interview: ""What are your strengths?"" ""I'm an optimist and a positive thinker."" ""Give me an example"" ""When do I start?""
I'm always behind the person at McDonald's who acts like they've never seen the menu in their life
What is the similarity between women and square roots? If they are under 16 you should just do them in your head.
I have to work new years eve. But I'm not upset, after work I have the rest of the year off.
TIL I have big fingers or a small butthole.
What did Hitler say when he put on a blindfold? ""I can Nazi.""
""Mom guess what I'm getting married!!!"" Is he rich? ""I think so. His name is Charles Mansion""
(bad joke) What's the best vegetable for stepping on when you get out of the shower? A toe-mat-o.
Coffee at McDonald's is like sex in prison You'll have no trouble getting it, but it's rough.
I'm starting to think the guy offering to check for lumps inside his van was not as legit as his cardboard certificate claimed.
My insurance does not cover Jesus taking the wheel. I checked.
Why is the galley the safest place to be on a capsizing ship? Because everything but the kitchen sinks. =D ^(I feel dirty)
Knock Knock Who's there ! Blood ! Blood who ? Blood brothers !
What did Helen Keller scream when she got mugged? Nothing. It was winter and she had mittens on.
The worst birthday present I ever got... ...was from my grandma when i turned 5. She gave me three socks. When asked why, she responded ""because your mom said you grew a foot.""
[snowman rings doorbell] Pardon me, but I overheard someone say something about a ""snow blower"" and was wondering where I might find one.
Please don't tell 9/11 jokes today they're just plane wrong.
Diet, Day 14: I hate everyone. My children are scared of me & I've repelled everyone else. But I'm starting to really like pears.
Women used to always call me ugly, until they find out how much money I make. Now they call me ugly and poor.
I played a piano duet with myself... it was a Heart and Soulo
Do you know why there's no sound when Django has sex? Because the D is silent.
What do men and public toilets have in common? All the good ones are taken, the rest are full of shit. *this is a response to an earlier joke comparing women to parking spots*
What kind of joke is the best joke? The one shoved up your ass. (As told by my adorable and naughty 7 year old).
Why do programmers produce more garbage than others ? Because they (some of them) don't have a garbage collector.
Some of you should not be allowed to procreate and if you have to google what procreate means, then I'm talking about you in particular.
What's the difference between Niagara and Viagra? Niagara falls.
What do you call a disobedient feline pirate? A mew-tineer! And what do you call a genetically altered cow? A moo-tant, of course!
Watching TV today I saw a struggling actress I used to know had landed a job in a bra commercial. Nice to see her supporting herself.
The Blind Man ""Ah, I see" said the blind man as he spat into the wind. ""It's all coming back to me now.""
Hope they send us home early
16 Y.O. employee: ""There's a dirty diaper outside. What do I do with it?"" Me: ""Is there a live baby in it?"" Him: ""No."" Me: ""Throw it away.""
What do you call a clever joke that doesn't make it to the front page? A clever joke, but nobody will have Reddit...
FUN FACT: The Olsen twins were actually triplets but Mary ate her sister Kate in utero and that's why she has two names
Her text: I'm tanning. Call you when I'm done. My thoughts: SHE'S NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED
Success is measured by how long it takes your boss to notice you're not at your desk.
YOLO You Only Love Owls.
My dentist is hysterical:""just let me put the tip in. It won't hurt. I have drugs to numb the pain"" Ha. should go see him professionally!
What do you call corn with a sense of humor? Laughing stalk
Which hand would you use to pick up a dangerous snake ? Someone else's !
Why does Game of Thrones always kill off its main characters? For the good of the watch.
what is a woman to cant give birth? bruce jenner
Republicans, don't forget to set your clocks back 50 years
Q: Why are farmers cruel? A: They pull corn by the ears.
The drunker I get, the more dance moves I know.
Q: How does Stan Collymore change a lightbulb? A: He holds it in the air and the world revolves around him
What's the difference between donald trump and a bucket of shit? the bucket
What do u call a girl having no boyfriend?
The distance this fish swam... Is a SCALER not a vector.
My new thesaurus is truly awful! I honestly have no words to describe how angry I am!
what do you get when you mix 9th grade literature with alcohol? Tequila mockingbird.
What do lawyers and sperm have in common? 1 in 50 million has a chance of becoming a human being.
I slipped on some black ice yesterday... I thought it was regular ice until I realized my wallet was gone.
My wife's jealousy is getting ridiculous... The other day she looked at my calendar and wanted to know who May was.
What's the difference between a racist person and a racist skeleton? They both are insulting, but the skeleton doesn't have any body to share racist jokes with!
Why should you never play Uno with a Mexican? Because they'll steal all the green cards.
What do you do with an epileptic in a bathtub? Laundry.
I'm not lazy... I'm just on my energy saving mode.
Ana from Frozen was upset it didn't snow on her Wedding day, but everything has a silver lining because she got 8 inches that night
In the time it took you to read this, Woody Allen made another film and it starred some big names and it was ok and now it's on DVD already
Yo mama is so fat that... ...she should really be concerned because diabetes is a serious problem
There's now a morning after pill for guys. It changes your blood type.
My girlfriend says I'm hopeless at fixing appliances. Well she's in for a shock.
Because the unspeakable can also happen to men I bought myself a rape alarm. I'll be fucked if this thing doesn't work.
What do a Professional Fifa Player and a Rapist have in common? They're both going to score, even if you don't want them to.
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter. He's not coming.
*at waffle house* ""do you want bacon or sausage?"" 'YES'
How much space does fungi need to grow? As Mushroom as possible.
What is the most common question asked by iPhone users? ""Does anyone have a charger I could use?""
I wanted to share this great joke I heard about a farmer fixing his fence... ...but it's a re-post.
My horse was way more aggressive than usual today it threw me off
I'm simultaneously drinking Starbucks and a Monster, in case I need to do something extreme and be a snob about it, within the next 30 min.
""Jessica wasn't usually dead. So when we found her dead we immediately knew something was wrong."" -Investigation Discovery
The Doctor made me walk again... Because I had to sell my car in order to pay the hospital bill
Today is ""Jamaican hair day"" at work. I'm dreading it.
I got a case of beer for my wife! It was a good trade!
*Girl attempting to count to ten* girl 1: 1....3....5....7....9.... girl 2: What the hell? Why are you skipping numbers? girl 1: Because I can't even!!!
Tell me you love me. Then get in the kitchen, make me a sandwich and let me play my video games so I know it's real
What did 9 say to 11? Let's get Bush in on this.
A neutrino walks into a bar... and it just keeps on going.
My friend got a summer job in a mirror factory He said its a job he can see himself doing.
My wife is like a plunger She's good at bringing up old shit.
Why do Greeks like fried foods? Because they're greasy
Why was Freddie Mercury a great front-man for Queen? He could perform ""Under Pressure"".
My life is a nightmare since they legalized gay marriage Because I have Iridophobia.
There's a man at the mall wearing cargo pants and a fanny pack, who I believe is in the process of becoming a suitcase.
That chick really knocked my socks off. And I had just finished folding and stacking them, too. Bitch.
The best thing about sharing a king sized bed with your spouse is that if you move far enough away it feels like you're completely alone.
My hell is a giant Bath & Body Works store ...where all the women answer yes/no questions with ""stories"".
Float like a jellyfish, sting like a jellyfish.
Ceilings were just ambitious walls.
What comes after America? Bmerica. I'll see myself out
I can get most of Reddit to hate me in one sentence I'm watching Sword Art Online (my favorite anime) on my iPhone while reading a Minions fanfic on my Wii U and eating bananas dipped in ketchup
Where is Donald Trump gonna put all of the illegal immigrants once he arrests them? Juantanamo
SNAKE: im gonna bite you SNAKE CHARMER: u are so sexy S: wha- SC: *presses finger to lips* still wana bite me? S: *blushes* well not anymore
I was out walking my dog when another man with a dog approached me, picked up a stick and said 'I could throw this stick a mile away and this dog would bring it back.' 'That's a bit far fetched!'
Debt collector are so persistent they never leave you a loan
4 introverts walk into a bar... What? Were you expecting something else?
Cooper at the end of Interstellar ""You know what I like about space travel, man. They get older, I stay the same age.""
Why did the chicken cross the road? To see his friend Gregory Peck.
I wonder if Dumbledore ever used the sorting hat to help him with the laundry.
What rock group has four men that don't sing? mount rushmore
If your Facebook picture is a photo of a sunset or something inanimate, I'll assume you have a dissociative identity disorder.
Q: What do Saddam Hussein and General Custer have in common ? A: They both want to know where the hell those Tomahawks are coming from !
With how fat America is.... With how fat America is, I'm surprised their currency isn't in pounds.
So a seal walks into a club...
3 gays in a hot tub A bubble of semen rises up, one looks at the others and says ""OK who's farted?""
got a fake ID w a picture of shrek on it. works everytime. bought ten shrek dvds w it just this morning. lady at the counter didnt say SHIT
Born Too Late To Explore The Earth, Born too early to explore the galaxy, Born at just the right time to have sex with virtual reality anime chicks.
*man choking* Is there a doc in the house? *Dr Pepper rises* *searches man's pockets* Hey ur no doctor! *moustache falls off* *it's Mr Pibb*
Putin denies Russian naval exercises in Finnish waters, claims that sonar readings ""were misinterpreted"". Whoops, wrong sub.
No thanks, marriage. If I wanted to stop getting laid I would just start wearing crocs.
""EVERYONE IS ENGAGED BUT YOU"" - facebook
Why did the hipster drown? He went ice Skating before it was cool
Relationship Status: Married long enough to know when I hear her say ""I love you" she's talking to our dog.
Going as a hashtag for Halloween so everybody ignores me.
How do you turn an old dishwasher into a snowblower? You give her a shovel and tell her to get to work.
What is a pirates favorite letter? No, it's the C.
Why should you never bring a fat person to see a dramatic movie? They will ruin the suspension.
There are times when I miss you so bad, that I wish I could remember where I hid your body.
Knock knock. Who's there? Underwear.  Underwear who? Underwear my baby is tonight?
What's a Fly without it's wings? A Walk
Hire The Pretty Blonde
What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean? I don't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my face (There's a slight pause between garbanzo and bean when speaking the joke)
I just battle rapped my 4 year-old and rhymed ""take a nap"" with ""piece of crap"" so don't tell me about your parenting skills.
I hate it when auto-correct changes my ""omg"" to ""OMG"" like, chill out, I'm not that surprised.
What file does a Knight store his music on? A **MIDI**-val file.
How do you make Donald Trump laugh? tickle his armpits
What did Reddit say about the post that had no comments? Wow, such empty
What do you call a southern girl who runs faster than her brothers A virgin
What did Gordon Ramsay say to Hitler? Oh my god put them back in the damn ovens! They're so under-cooked they're writing fucking diaries!
What do you get when you cross an agnostic, insomniac and a dyslexic? Someone who lies awake at night if there really is a dog.
The worst part of Thanksgiving is all of the leftovers... and having to heat them up every time I want to eat since I quit cold turkey.
the biggest joke of all time Trump
Whenever an automatic hand dryer doesn't turn on for me, I like to think my diet is really working.
TIFU by going to Jimmy John's for lunch.. Whoops, wrong sub.
Avoiding the use of French-derived words... Is not my forte.
What's the difference between a group of midget spies and a women's track team? One is a cunning group of runts.
I've started replacing ""yes"" with ""sure as Kilimanjaro rises like Olympus above the Serengeti.""
If there's a god-shaped hole in all of us does that mean our poos come out in god's image?
How do you get a bunch of Canadians out of a swimming pool? Say ""Get out of the pool.""
What do all battered women have in common? They don't listen.
We've replaced the names of the foreign countries & leaders in Trump's speech with the names of IKEA furniture. Let's see if he notices
When my Girlfriend got pregnant... Everything changed... My name, My Address, My phone number, My email ID Everything.....
Def Leppard are a bunch of liars. I poured some sugar on a girl one time and it was a complete mess, she was not happy at all.
Which is worse, insouciance or ignorance? I don't know and I don't care.
if you're in a bathroom & person in next stall sneezes, do you say bless you or just applaud like normal? need answer fast too late clapping
Banned an 80 year old man for life from attending NBA games. What's that? Like maybe 10 years?
the closest I've ever come to a threesome was when I was mowing the lawn and I got hit in the face by two dragonflies having sex in mid air
If you die in the shower when you're shampooing do the police have to finish rinsing when they find you or is that the ME's job. Is it a job
What's the difference between apple juice and apple cider? Your sister doesn't care if you cum in juice but she won't let you cum in cider.
How did the dungeon keeper plan for retirement? Collecting stocks and bonds.
Why did the Native American quit his desk job at the Marriot? He didn't like dealing with reservations.
What does Monica Lewinsky and Soda Machine have in common?
My Girlfriend Told Me I Need To Get In Shape..... I told her ""I am in shape! Round is a shape!""
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
What is Joan of Arc's least favorite food? Steak
I woke up hungover to the sound of my neighbour mowing his lawn. He will just have to mow around me because I'm not moving..
Talking bout planets with my 8 yr old. He asked if you just plow thru Uranus because it's all gas. I cannot respond maturely.
Anal sex is just like your first car You don't want it, but your dad gives it to you anyway
Success is like pregnancy... Everyone congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got fucked to achieve it.
Why did the polar bears on Noah's Ark hang out near the insects? They were looking for the ark tick.
My Dad voted Republican his entire life. After he died he voted Democrat
I got caught having sex with the secretary by my wife My wife was crying and saying you cant do this to me! I said: I Know thats why im doing it to her!
BRAIN: you need to let loose a little, have some fun ME: rainbow colored goldfish crackers it is
What should we call people who leave crusty bits of food in the corner of their mouths? #Herpeaters.
How does Moses make his coffee? He brews it.
Having sex with a waitress sucks. She only takes the tip.
When my neighbor's bed starts rhythmically hitting the wall, I like to drum back. Last night, we had a real jam session going.
What is a math teacher's favorite kind of toilet paper? The kind that has multi ply's.
Cop: Know why I stopped you? SUPER DANCE OFF?? Cop: OH YEAH OH YEAH? Cop: No, not really. There's a warrant for your arrest. oh no
Today I got chased by a thief trying to steal my wallet.. I managed to get away, but he definitely gave me a good run for my money!
police codes 472: loitering 213: man with horse eyes 304: gnarly dirtbike 94: breaking & entering 834: dog smoking weed 58: sexy loitering
Did you hear about the three guys that walked into a bar? You'd think the third guy would've ducked.
I ruin friend groups by always suggesting we start a band too early
what kind of clothes do lawyers wear? Lawsuits.
Did you know that you can fit any boat on your head like a hat, if you flip it over? That makes it cap sized
hey can I use your bathroom? cashier: only paying customers jesus...ok just give me 9 double whoppers with cheese, a chocolate shake, 2-
If you think you could never kill another human being, you haven't met enough people.
What do you get when you throw a Canadian down a flight of stairs? An apology.
How do cows go from one town to another? they cowmmute.
How to you tell a naval officer from and RAF officer on an aircraft carrier? The naval officer is trying to feed bread to the helicopters!
The best way to refuse a credit card telemarketer is to tell them you're unemployed. Guarantees them hanging up within seconds.
If she eats pizza with a fork, she isn't going to like being bent over the dining room table.
They used to be called ""Jumpolines"" ...until your mom jumped on one back in 1972.
if you wear a bikini instead of a bra you can go out with wet hair & people will just think you've been swimming which is athletic not lazy
What is small furry and smells like bacon ?  A hamster !
What does a beef patty have in common with a blowjob? Both are better between 2 buns
Have you ever been to an Amish party? Those guys really raise the roof!
what did the afraid triangle say to the circle that was about to beat him up? I'm very squared.
I just threw a snowball at a Smart car and its airbags deployed
What I bring to a relationship is pretty much the same stuff you can pick up at any hardware store.
Friends are like trees They fall after being hit multiple times with an axe.
How do New Zealanders practice safe sex? (NSFW) They paint a red X on the back of the sheep that kick.
Have you heard about the sensitive burglar? He takes things personally.
My relationship advice is if you're not single you deserve it.
Hi, I'd like to order a baby ""Excuse me?"" It says here you deliver babies? ""Sir this is a hospital"" [vampire quickly hangs up phone]
I do pull ups to get girls... and pull outs to not get one
What did the Spanish musician say when he went fishing? Castanets!
Where do Russians stream movies from? Nyetflix.
A woman asked her husband ""what trait of me do you love the most?'' ''My beautiful face? My sexy body?"" The husband looked at her from top to bottom, and answered, ""I love your humor.""
""Do you know what this room needs? At least four paintings of lighthouses!"" white people
I think Jennifer Aniston was filmed on a green screen in 2003 and it gets released with a different background and co-star twice a year.
So an anti-vaxxer tells me that vaccines cause autism. So I reply ""Oh, so you've gotten vaccinated, then?"" ~~Sorry if it's a terrible joke.~~ No regrets
If vampires like the taste of blood so much they should floss.
I was eating at an Indian restaurant when a homeless man came in and asked the girl behind the counter if they had any food he could have. She told him there was Naan.
I was going to organize a space-themed birthday party for my son... ...but I couldn't planet.
Squared My dick is X squared and I rooted your mom. Now she's my X
I call my dick fun Because it's what girls just want to have!
Be careful when you ROFL! I once heard a joke in a scissor factory... It left me in stitches.
I'll bet Vampire Kiddies enjoy scabs as much as human Kids love pudding skin
I knew a kid in grade school who was born with deformed eyelids... ...So they took the flesh from his circumcision to fix his deformity. For the rest of his life he was cock-eyed.
Watching married couples argue in Bed Bath & Beyond is my Game of Thrones.
Whats better than winning gold at the paralympics? Having legs.....
My mate died from a bad case of heartburn I can't believe Gaviscone.
What is big hairy and can fly faster than sound? King Koncord.
I'm beginning to worry about my obsession with technology. I told my doctor, ""I think I'm addicted to Twitter."" He replied, ""I don't follow you.""
Why was Easter the aardvark's favorite holiday? Because he liked aard-boiled eggs!
For what person do all men take off their hats? The barber.
What do you say if Chris Brown is your blackjack dealer and you need another card?
Good friends are like toasters... If you throw them down the stairs, they probably won't make toast for you anymore.
Headaches aren't real.. They're all in your head.
Why do elephants where pink shoes? To hide in the grass. Have you ever seen an elephant with pink shoes? No? Good hiders, aren't they?
What Do You Call An Israelite On The Himalayas? Mountain Jew.
I wanted to sue the airline because they damaged my luggage. I showed the badly damaged remains to my lawyer. He said ""You don't have much of a case.""
A Jewish boy goes to his father and asks for 50 cents... ""I don't have 40 cents. What do you want with 30 cents? Here's 20 cents.""
Why do Call of Duty players hate Lee Harvey Oswald? Oh come on, the man is a stupid camping hardscoper!
Why didn't Count Dracula get married? He wanted to remain a bat-chelor.
I stopped a kidnapping today.. I woke him up
I like my coffee like I like my women. Black and taken from poor countries when not mature.
I've never sent out a pic of my penis. I believe that is a sacred thing shared between a man and another man pretending to be a woman.
I'm sorry baby, but me & you are not going to work out. We are going to watch tv.
*whispers to dog wearing a 'working dog, do not pet' vest* psst what time does your shift end?
Hipster James Bond Movie - Oddjob uses a Fedora as a deadly throwing hat.
A Jew walks into a wall with an erection. Gets a broken nose. What does an Asian get? A broken nose.
""You kids and your smartphones, when we were your age we just dealt with having nothing to do with our hands."" *Lights another cigarette*
I tried to catch some fog earlier. I mist.
What did the baby eating cannibals say in the hospital to the expectant mothers? Fetus!!!
Why do teenage girls hangout in odd-sized groups at Starbucks? Because they can't even.
It was only after I started dancing in the food court - alone - that I learned flash mobs are planned...
College guy: How do you like it? Me: Salty...of course *slaps down $20 CG: We'll take two pretzels with salt ~Get outta the gutter pervs
How many anti-Trump protesters does it take to change a lightbulb? TRICK QUESTION. THEY CAN'T CHANGE ANYTHING.
My teachers are like my girlfriends... They are both best between periods.
I like to surprise cross-eyed people they never see it coming
I love Easter. My unborn children get to play find the egg tonight.
I present to you the world's shortest poem, entitled ""Fleas"". Adam had'em.
Sick eagles are forbidden by law. They're illeagle.
Do the right thing today: Go to someone's profile, scroll down 4 months, and like something.
Where does a general keep his armies? In his sleevies
What do you call an angry wind? A cross breeze.
I once had a job crushing cans. It was soda pressing.
If you're drunk, you're 3 sheets to the wind... ...if you're stoned, are you three papers to the wind?
What do you call a girl who expects a guy to do everything for her, make all the first moves, and text her first every day? SINGLE
Amazon Asked Me to Write a Review Amazon asked for feedback on the used telescope I bought from their site. I was honest with my review: ""This telescope sucked. Two Stars.""
Why do people hit things (ex. TV, computer, etc.) when they don't work? Well, it worked with the slaves.
What place of business helps dogs who have lost their tails? A retail store.
I really was gonna jog at the park today....but I just found an empty park bench so I'll just have a few smokes and cheer the joggers on.
Friend: You'll find love again. Me: STOP THREATENING ME
How the hell did Charles Manson get like 16 people to murder for him? I can't even get two kids to brush their teeth.
""Honey, can you bring me a roll of toilet paper?"" Toilet paper- ""I have a boyfriend""
A man tells his wife ""Here's your aspirin, my dear."" Wife: Why are you giving me an aspirin? I don't have a headache. Man: Gotcha! Let's fuck!
What do a married guy and a single guy have in common? They both think the other one gets laid more.
I hate it when my teachers hit on me. It sucks being homeschooled.
Russia is invading Ukraine? US: ""NATO my watch!""
Cartoonist found dead in home . Details are sketchy.
What do you call a stillborn grizzly cub? Unbearable
Teacher: This is the third time I've had to tell you off this week what have you got to say about that? Pupil: Thank heavens it's Friday !
What's the difference between Trump and a Halloween pumpkin? The pumpkin is bright.
murderers are my pet peeve. im a real chill dude until i get murdered, then you better be prepared to have some sarcasm thrown your way
Why did the meme crossed the road A meme beme screme
My doctor said he couldn't prescribe me with Viagra. No hard feelings.
You know what's way better than an iPod? A zune
Every time you make a typo... the errorists win
Today's Relationships: You can touch each other, . . but . . . . not each others phones..!
When Jesus was crucified, what was the cause of death? Cross Contamination
Who wears a red suit, and knows if you are naughty or nice? The Spanish Inquisition
What do you call 3 mexicans breaking into somewhere? Trespassers
Just bought diapers and toilet paper because all my family does is shit.
I will do a lot of things but admiting I'm cold to my mom when she told me to bring a jacket is not one.
Anyone you can do, I can do better..
A man walks into a bar The bartender says ""watch where you're going""
Whole Foods on Sunday is just a refugee camp for people with too much money.
Who is that walking up my driveway?! Anxiety in 3...2...1... [knock, knock] *sigh* ""WAIT A SECOND!"" *mumbles* ""I need to find pants.""
As a politician... You need to shake hands &amp
in an era of declining male friendship, the rap crew is a more appealing concept than ever
What to do when a blonde throws a grenade at you... What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back.
There was a fire at the local university. It was a smoke-free campus, so everyone present was arrested.
[Last Supper] Jesus: *holds up bread* This is my body *holds up wine* This is my blood And this is Sparta! *kicks Judas into a pit*
At a First Date Conversation At a first date: He: ""I work with animals every day!"" She: ""Oh how sweet! What is it that you do?"" He: ""I'm a butcher.""
I needed a password at least eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs...
Once upon a time, there was a Mexican family... that had only Juan kid.
I'm hoping the nuclear strike button & the trap-door for hecklers button on Trump's desk are completely different colours.
I like my coffee just how I like my slaves Free.
*gives up horoscopes for Lent *caves and reads horoscope ""You are weak willed and lack conviction""
My friend has OCD and says he doesn't like white girls. Maybe because they can't even
The Pope walked into a bar and was arrested for diddling little boys.
I'm very pleased with my new fridge magnet. So far I've got twelve fridges.
Being poor means having to read the menu card from right to left.
Fastfood Clerk: Number 27! Double steak combo with extra fries! Man: Right here! Clerk: Here you go sir, sorry about your weight. Man: Oh, it wasn't long at al- wait... Clerk: &gt
People are loving this whole 'birdie sanders' thing but... i don't recall a similar reaction when bill clinton got a bird to come
How much for these old batteries? For you? No charge.
I am eternally grateful that Twitter doesn't have an ""is online now"" indicator
Boss: What's for lunch? Me: Food. B: What kind of food? M: The kind you eat. B: ... M: ... B: ... Me: You hired me. This is your fault.
why dont women drive? because theres not road from the bed room to the kitchen
Teacher: Why are you Late Today? Student: Because of sign down the road. Teacher: What does a sign have to do with your being late? Student: The sign said, ""School Ahead, Go Slow!""
New Subway rule: You must give the person in front of you a wedgie if they take more than 5 seconds to choose what kind of bread they want.
Q: What's the difference between a chicken and a grape? A: They're both green except for the chicken.
Just one time I wanna see The Bachelor get a cold sore
I saw a man at the beach yelling ""Help, Shark! Help! I just laughed, i knew that Shark wasn't going to help him.
My doctor told me I should do something about my athlete's foot. But that's what makes me such a fun guy.
Trump is a godsend As in 1000 B.C. plague
Why do Jews always seem to find spare change laying around? They cents it.
I always thought that Last of Us needed more animals Nevertheless that giraffe scene with Ellie, fantastic.
Once a guy at the grocery store yelled at me to stop talking on a banana like a phone so I hung up and shot him with it.
On Facebook, my friend became a fan of Paris Hilton, Heidi Montag and Nickelback. I became a fan of unfriending her.
Did you hear about the new text-a-fart service? It's just one cent per scent sent!
Next wedding Im saying its a open bar but when u get there its going to be cash.Just b/c its a 3rd wedding doesnt mean u can skip it slacker
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
Wife smelled eggs and thought I was bringing her breakfast in bed. How do I tell her it was just me with gas?!
What do you call a musical wreath made from $100 bills? Aretha Franklins
Why did the crazed Packers fan throw out all of Aaron Rodgers's forks? They were too Cutler-y.
What's Santa's favourite metal band? Sleigher.
I met my girlfriends dad last weekend, he told me ""Anything you do to my daughter ill do to you on my front lawn!"" I said ""I suppose you'll be buying me dinner on your front lawn?""
News report: Al-Qaida training monkeys to use AK-47s in battle. Not only is that scary, it's pretty much the coolest thing I've ever heard.
Terrorists are so slutty They'll blow on the first date
Did you hear Bruce Jenner was in a car accident? He was unhurt but his tranny was damaged.
My friend died today... He wasn't able to speak, but in his dying moments he wanted me to have his EpiPen. I'll cherish it forever.
One wonders if actual douche bags are now available in Ed Hardy designs.
They say divorce is ruining marriage, but my wife's parents are still married... ...and so are my girlfriend's.
Why are Father Christmas' reindeer like a cricket match? Because they're both stopped by the rein.
Operator: 911 Me: My wife is going into labor, what do I do? O: Relax sir, is this her first born? Me: No, this is her husband.
After several drinks last night, I had a great Buzz. Unfortunately I was no longer able to get a Woody.
Africa and Asia are playing baseball Asia strikes out Africa, Europe
I hate people who steal the punchline. I'm keeping mine a secret.
Genderfluid? I just call that semen
Meet the parents
Hey, NSA,,,, if you're going to read my posts, would it kill you to like them?
I will marry a woman if she knows homer is Not a Simpson and Plato is Not clay
My vacuum cleaner is so good it collects dust even when I don't use it.
Anton, do you think I'm a bad mother? He: My name is paul.
It was time to show my girlfriend how i really feel.. so i showed her my hands..
Investment question If a leopard and a cheetah both had companies, which stock should you buy? A: The leopard's, because cheetahs never prosper.
Today, a midget insulted me, so I had no choice but to punch him in the face... I never thought I'd stoop so low
[strong] Zoroark, male, 50 Sebas
Been throwing up gang signs all morning. Must've eaten some expired gang signs
One time I told my blind Nana to go on a seafood diet... She died a week later.
Thought of this the other day as a 22 y/o... How do you win the vegetable race? You need to get ahead of lettuce
What's the best thing about being the 'third-wheel' for your friends in relationships? Nothing. It always fucking sucks.
What do you call a productive Asian? China get something done.
What do you call making your booty clap for likes and upvotes? Social netwerking
Hubs proposed to me with a really cool flash mob and a medley of Nirvana hits. JK. He was like, ""I wanna marry you."" And I was like, ""K.""
Friend: Will we be hearing the patter of tiny feet soon? Me: *grabbing her arm too hard* You know about my squirell army
Good thing girls started uploading pictures next to a pool with the caption ""Summer is finally here!"" or we wouldn't have known it's summer.
I'm teaching my dog to jump through burning hoops. This is my 12th dog.
There is no peer pressure like washing your hands because someone else walked into the bathroom.
""I love the north pole and hate the south pole!, wait I love the south pole and hate the north pole!"" ~ a bi-polar bear
Timmy walks in on his mother getting dressed... Now you're thinking of the time you saw your mothers breasts.
When Gregor Mendel did his groundbreaking experiments with pea plants, ... ...it was a classic case of publish or parish.
*Pearly Gates St. Peter: No way! Me as angel: It's the rules! SP: But the drugs and sweari- M: ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN! Snoop: Fo' Shizzle.
Why the new Apple Pencil isn't included with the new iPad Pro. There is no point.
Happier than a witch in a broom shop.
I asked my best friend if he was gay or not. I never got a straight answer.
A man fell into a river. Why did he refuse help? He was in The Nile
Q: Why did the Davidians commit suicide? A: They were trying to keep up with the Joneses.
God likes Saturn more than he likes earth Because if he had liked it, he would of put a ring on it.
What is a buttress? A female goat.
How do you know Adam and Eve weren't black? Have you ever tried to take a rib from a nigger?
Did you hear about the man whose vape device exploded while he was smoking it? It was a mind-blowing experience.
How do you annoy your girlfriend during sex?  Phone her.
I've decided to start a new line of 'extra-shatter' measuring sticks. Because rulers were made to be broken.
Why is there a fence around the graveyard? Because people are dying to get in!
It's like ""society"" expects you to wear ""different clothes"" every day.
What do you call a rifle that fires 3 bullets at once? A trifle!
Why do the bald seem to handle life so much better than the rest? They're always eager for more on their pate.
Why did Mickey get hit but Donald didn't Because Donald Duck.
How do you know if your sister is on her period? Your dad's dick would taste like blood
I wish I could smack the stupid out of people and if you think this status is about you smack yourself for me!
Why isn't Mexico in the Summer Olympics? Everyone who can run, jump, and swim are already over here.
You're only as good as your last tweet.
A Russian goes for an eye check up The Doctor shows the letters on the board: CZWXNQSTAZKY Doctor: Can you read this ? Russian: Read ??? I even know the guy, he's my cousin.
Just a friendly reminder that the world supposedly ends in 73 days.
Recently, a Catholic hair stylist made news traveling around slandering the pope and Catholicism, angering many members of the faith. The pope denounced him... calling him a ""hair-a-tick""
If I had a nickel for every time someone called me OCD I'd have 27 dollars and 15 cents.
Knock Knock Who's there ? Cliff ! Cliff who ? Cliff hanger !
Little Timmy lived in Flint But little Timmy is no more For what he thought was H2O Was PbSO4
Ha! Major typo on page 28 of the new iTunes agreement. Anyone else catch that?
Do not judge a book by its cover, unless there's a Swastika on the cover
I'm bad at misleading people Not
What do you call a man, with no arms or legs, in the middle of the ocean? fucked
What happened to the cross-eyed circumcist? She got the sack
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza? I don't like my pizza burnt.
Give a fish a worm, he lives another day Teach a fish to worm, he becomes the best breakdancing fish around
What's the worst part of breaking up with a Japanese girl? You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.
What did the man without a voice box say?
Sharp and short! **Husband** : I love you! **Wife** : Not today!
My girlfriend broke up with me. When she did, I gave her a note that said ""Great Job!"" I wanted things to end on a positive note.
I must admit, my ""Kiss Me, I Have The Zika Virus"" T-shirt is giving me a lot of personal space inside this subway car.
You've seen those mobile trucks for grooming pets, I just saw a mobile barbershop truck for humans and thought... I wonder if a dog drives that?
Flowers bee like
Read more Apple jokes
/u/kn0thing
My dad used to warn me about anal He said ""Son, this might hurt a bit.""
What does Harry Potter say when he wants a cigarette? Tobaccio
Woke up and saw my shadow and it looked fat. Six more weeks of self-loathing.
which came first the chicken or the egg? The rooster
What do you call when a female physicist decides to try dating women for a change? The double slit experiment.
What do you call crazy testicles? Cuckoonuts
50 Cent used to be 1 Dollar... But now he's only half the man he was.
[my wife and I watch a drunk white girl fall out of a cab] I've never drank that much.... [wife looks at me in disgust] ugh, ok I have.
what did socrates learn from the T-rex? i dino
There is an American Olympic diver named ""Steele Johnson"". He could have a great job in adult films with that name...
Have you heard the one about the ceiling fan? Oh, it's over your head.
I bought a Christmas tree today. The guy asked me if I was going to put it up myself.I said, ""No, I'll probably put it in the living room.""
Pepper spray does not taste like pepper.
What do you call a search engine that sings Christmas songs? Michael google.
Past, present and future walk into a bar... it was tense
Whats the best thing to put into a Christmas  cake ? Your teeth !
Where did the Martian put his teacup? On his flying saucer.
What do you call a cross between a skunk, a wolverine, and a porcupine? ""Sir"" from a distance.
What do you tell a smelly Japanese person? Takashawa.
I like my coffee like I like my women Iced cold and milky white
What's do you call a tampon tutorial? A demenstruation
An environmentalist group found a place with the world's highest recycling rate... /r/Jokes
Mall Santa: what do you want for Christmas? Me: drugs. Mall Santa *whispers* meet me in the food court in 20 minutes.
There are 2 things in this world that i hate. 1. racism 2. black people
KING SOLOMON: I shall cut it in two, half for each of you. WOMAN: sure ME: OH GOD NO! KING SOLOMON: ok this is clearly your meatball sub.
A Priest and a Rabbi were walking down the street... when they passed a little boy. The priest leans toward the rabbi and says, ""Lets's fuck him!"" The rabbi asks, ""Out of what?""
ok honey, you're going to love this movie. all you need to know is that ""robocop"" is short for ""robot cop""
I guess if your a meth head You've only got one sleep until Christmas
What's the most important meal of the day to help you lose pounds? Brexit
Guy says, ""damn, there should be a law against having sex this good!"" The girl said nothing, for the drugs had left her unconscious.
I played a blank CD full blast on repeat all night last night. The mime next door went nuts!
I love you my friends and that's not just the beer talking. It's from the bottom of my bottle of wine too.
Teach us About Absolute Zero! 0K!
Q: What country is ill? A: Germany.
When I see ads on TV with smiling, happy housewives using a new cleaning product, the only thing I want to buy are the meds they must be on.
Teacher: ""Who built the first American car?"" Student: ""Me Pilgrims."" Teacher: ""The Pilgrims?""  Student: ""Yeah they made the Mayflower Compact.""
Sorry about the concussion Steve but it wouldn't be called a ""trust fall"" if it worked every time.
My friend is so stupid she thought Alabama is a city. Don't worry, I informed her Alabama is the president.
I try to be a good sport, but sometimes I'm badminton.
When is it ok to snipe police officers? As Dallast resort.
I hate it when winter comes. It makes my wenis so dry.
Q: What happens when two snails fight? A: They slug it out.
Whats the difference between Gabrielle Giffords and her husband....... Her husband flies in a bullet whereas bullets fly in to her.... too soon?
A clown and a child walk into the dark woods.... The child looks up at the clown and says ""I'm scared."" The clown replies ""You're tellin' me kid, I have to walk back alone.""
What is a ghost's favorite street? A boooooooolevard.
What could you create with Starbucks caramel mocha chip frappuccino? The Audi logo and The Olympics logo.
*Skrillex' mother puts her ear to his bedroom door* *She hears constant bass drops* *Dad walks up* ""Sounds like he's Wubbing one out..""
Hey Bradley Cooper's eyes: the most beautiful sky imaginable called - it wants it's color back
Big shoutout to the lazy, seven year old idiot who named Red Delicious apples.
Yo mama is so fat that we were unable to put her under for the surgery. I'm sorry, there's nothing we could do.
My cats are named Ra and Isis. In ancient Egypt, they would have been gods.
I love jewish comedians they never ham it up.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? One stops sucking when you slap it and the other is a blonde.
The ocean isn't shark-infested. It's the ocean. That's where sharks live. We aren't supposed to be there. Humans infest the ocean.
What's the first sign of AIDS? A pounding sensation in the ass.
When you're accused of buying someone a gift last-minute at Walgreens, don't reveal you actually went to Walgreens a month ago.
My feet were killing me yesterday. I bought some in-soles thinking they'd probably do nothing to help. Today I stand corrected.
My girlfriend and I were talking about pets, she said she'd like to get a manatee. I just laughed and said, ""Two sugars, please.""
im smart. if asian equals pi then four times four is sixteen told you i was smart...
What did the druggie do when he got acid? Took some tums
TIFU by mixing up by wifes sandwich order at Subway. Whoops, wrong sub.
is thinking that with their track record, buying condoms at a BP station is just taking too big a risk!
[blind date] ""I'm like, really good at *looks on hand* making the sex"" -did you just read that off your hand? ""Hey! You're not blind!""
The old farmer hates when the horses neigh at night. The weird noises give him night-mares
If you can't buy a person, you can always sell him.
What do bulls do math with? A cow-culator! (Cue groans)
#1: My personality is 30% the last movie I watched.
What's the difference between a women's track team and a tribe of smart pygmies? The pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts.
How to get mustard out of your white shirt.. 1) go to a store 2) buy a new shirt
Why, yes, that is a banana in my pocket! *removes banana* How did you know? *begins to peel & eat banana* I'm still glad to see you though.
I named my iPod ""The Titanic"" Oh look! It's syncing now.
Anyone else want to join my all Mexican tribute band? We are called Juan Direction.
What do you call a bear without teeth? You call that fellah a gummy bear.
my agent sent me a list of my followers & circled all crude avatars in red ink. if i dont block these people it WILL cost me the Arby's deal
The boy that used to bully me at school still takes my lunch money.... He serves up a great burger and fries.
What's the difference between an art student and a philosophy student? A philosophy student asks you *why* you want fries with that
just got my nipples pierced! and they gave me a discount because I have so many!
Before meeting a hot chick, wish I could talk to the dude who's sick of her bullshit.
I poured my root beer into a square cup Now I've just got beer.
If our last names came from the jobs of our ancestors... Then I feel really bad for the boys of the ""Dickinson"" family tree.
So...Donald Trump was on The View today. I kept rewinding it and watching it trying to spot Elizabeth Hasselbeck's boner.
In honour of Agatha Christie, turn off all the lights and kill one of your work colleagues.
I bet short people get really excited when they accidentally hit their head on things.
Did you hear about that new lesbian reversal medicine? It's called Trycoxagin.
Sneak into the employee bathroom at Target and make some violent alien noises, maybe leave a jellyfish in the toilet
Knock knock? Who's there? Come in. Come in who? Me.
Her: What do you do? Me: I drill for oil. G: That sounds interesting. M: No, it's really... H: Don't do it, I'll leave M:...just boring
How did Watson and crick blow their chance with a hot girl? They said, ""baby you'd look good if you got a pair of skinny genes""
What do you get from a cow on the North Pole?  Cold cream!
What is similar between the life of an Ethiopian kid and the hype of Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare? They're practically non existent.
Why is 6 afraid of 7? 'Cause 7 was a Registered Sex Offender.
If body builders religiously try to gain weight.. Does that mean they go to the gym for mass?
What do you call a cow without legs? Ground beef.
The EU referendum I liken the EU referendum to being in a pitch black room with two men in a mandatory rape scenario with both of them telling you theirs is the smallest.
I'm black, and I really hate it when my white friend doesn't answer my calls. I guess some old habits never die... White man always leavin' me hanging
Charlie Sheen Says He Has HIV... Finally a positive in his life.
What's the difference between a refugee and E.T? E.T learned English and wanted to go home.
What did the Cannibal do after he dumped his Girlfriend? Wipe his ass.
I've created a new type of bubble but I don't know how to describe it. It's indescribubble.
I'm always good at figuring out who dies first in a movie but sometimes directors fuck with me by casting too many black people...
Order a pizza then act confused when it arrives. ""A delivery for Aaron? Aarons DEAD. He DIED ordering a pizza in this house 10 years ago""
""Any two-watt bulbs?"" ""For what?"" ""That'll do. I'll take two."" ""Two what?"" ""I thought you didn't have any."" ""Any what?"" ""Yes, please.""
Do you have hair around your nipples? Is it particularly in the hair-eola? ... I came up with this the other night while half asleep. Be gentle.
HORROR STORY- U are the only one alive in a post apocalyptic world. U tweet and it gets retweeted!
Why do elephants squirt water through their noses? If they squirted it through their tails it'd be very difficult to aim.
Boy, I hate small talk. *coworkers all grimace* He's right behind me isn't he? *Small talk starts cracking his knuckles*
A midwife delivered a baby and asked the mother "" wow your baby has such lovely hair, does he get it from his dad?"" The new mother replied "" I don't know, he wore a hat""
What's the difference between a paycheck and a D**k? You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
Calling your girlfriend Dumbledore.. ..cause she's the real head master
It was so hot today I saw a robin picking earthworms out of the ground with a pair of tongs.
what's harder than closing your blinds? My dick as I watch you through them
was that your rat running around here? - it is not a rat, it is a dwarf doxie - my cat ate it, meaning that's rat
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister in the chin
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter, he's not going to come anyway. (might of already been posted)
Pretty offensive joke: Why does all Turkish men have a mustache? because they wanna look like their mother.
I love when I leave work early to surprise my wife at home and she greets me with those three very special words... ""Were you fired?""
What Did the Sadist Do to the Masochist? Nothing.
Weighed myself. Did elliptical for 30 minutes. Weighed myself. Half a pound heavier. Never exercising again.
when interviewing a person for a dog walking position, you must make absolutely certain that given the chance, the applicant won't eat a dog
dwights farm as suffered a massive blight, almost bankrupt he was signed for a massive record deal on the condition he give up farming turns out all he had to do was drop those sick beets
Did you know that the Shitzu and Bulldog breeds can never crossbreed ever? Just kidding, that's bullshit.
Not all Girl Scouts are nice. Some silent fart while you're filling out the paperwork for Thin Mints and they don't even say they're sorry.
Why did the North Korean defect to South Korea? He did some seoul searching.
Pro tip: Instead of having kids, just adopt a couple raccoons. They'll trash your house too, but at least they can feed themselves.
I entered an astronomy competition the other day... ...I didn't come first but I did get a constellation prize 
*thumb wrapped in giant bandage* CW: Oh my God, what happened? Me: Never challenge a hitchhiker to a thumb war.
My Christmas tree isn't the only thing that's getting lit this time of year
What do you have to do to have a party in space? You have to Planet.
Why was 6 afraid of 7 Because 7 was a registered 6 offender
9/11 Jokes aren't funny. The other 2 however, are hilarious!
What do you do when you want to hold a bunny? You grabbit.
Where is the most extravagant brothel in Switzerland, with the most expensive hookers? The FIFA headquarters.
Walking down the street today someone handed me a free air guitar... No strings attached...
Uncle Bill always gave 100% Son: How did he die Dad? Dad: He donated blood.
What is the difference between a pizza and a Jew? A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven
Why are Jews so bad at maths? Cause they can never find the final solution
It must be tough to live in Europe. There's neither land nor way..
Have you heard of the grammar nazi? He is really anti-semantic...
What would call a person who isn't worthy of being looked at? Unseaworthy
Where do nazis go on vacation? The holocoast.
Funny Book Title Thread! I'll start: ""How To Get The Most Out Of Your Bank Heists"" by Fillmore Sacks
Why did the irishman wear two condoms? to be sure, to be sure.
Marvel is making a ""Winter Soldier"" standalone film and I get to play his roly poly sidekick. They call me...the ""Summer Sausage""
What is Kanye West's favorite breakfast food? Omelette you finish.
There's 4 and a half inches of light snow outside ...or as most the men on Tinder would have me believe, 8 inches and really thick.
Current beard: Outdoor woodsman Current body: Indoor couchman
""The holocaust didn't happen, Buzz Aldrin did 9/11 & I wear my mom's panties."" - guy who doesn't know how to play 2 Truths & a Lie
A photon checks into a hotel... A photon checks into a hotel and is asked if he needs any help with his luggage. ""No thanks, I'm traveling light.""
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? DO IT YOURSELF YOU FILTHY MAN!
Never go shopping on an empty stomach, I just went to Macy's before dinner and ate 7 turtle necks
What Pixar movie will Rick Astley never let you borrow? He's never gonna give you Up! Credit to my friend who doesn't even Reddit.
Am I financially wealthy? No. But am I rich when it comes to relationships, happiness, and experiences? Still no.
Met a beautiful girl down at the park today.. Met a beautiful girl down at the park today. Sparks flew, she fell at my feet and we ended up having sex right there and then. God, I love my new Taser...
My friends bakery had burned down yesterday Now his business is toast.
I let a blind man borrow some money the other day He said he'll pay me back the next time he saw me
Ugh. ""What's wrong honey?"" My bad knee is acting up again. *knee robs a gas station*
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. ............. JK rolling!
Why did Tigger stick his head in the toilet? He was looking for Pooh. - *My little brother told me this one
You know it's a crazy party when the toilets smell less of puke than the dancefloor.
Why do elephants have four feet? Because six inches would look silly.
What's the difference between dark matter and Black Lives Matter? Dark matter has the capacity to leave an impact on a system
Kid Rock must be an Adult Rock by now.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? The bitch can suck my dick in the dark for all I care....
Hardcore I've just changed my first nappy. My wife doesn't like me wearing them but since I bought Call of Duty it means I get more game time.
I like my slaves how I like my coffee Free
I broke my arm in a couple places
Lit a few candles after my power went out last night. My cat has been scared shitless ever since. Ever since I put the pussy on the chain wax
CAT: mew ME: indeed, u are correct kitty CAT: mew ME: well said, kitty, well said FRIEND I FORGOT WAS THERE: are u ok...? Emotionally?
Why did the chicken cross the road? **To kill its self** This is no joke **#CHICKENLIVESMATTER**
What kind of modeling clay does a dog use?  Fi-Do!
You can lead a human to knowledge.... but you can't make them think.
Pretty unfair that sharks get a whole week and vampires only get a weekend.
To help me get to sleep I'm counting miners.
How does a physicist milk a cow? First, he assumes the cow is a sphere.
I need to know how to swim in pussy... ...cause im drowning in it
I've had enough of this shit. I thought to myself as i sat on the toilet for 3 hours.
Did you see the story about the missing dolphin? I'd tell you more about it but there's really no porpoise...
I try to fill the void in my life with food... But it always goes to shit.
The reason you can't go back after going black is because none of them have a car to take you back or a job to buy gas.
[CIA] -We need you to kill the leader of Russia. ""I'll be Putin a bullet in his head. Carl Marx my words!"" -Alright! Who invited PunMan?!
I'd probably be, like, 5% cooler if I wasn't terrified of being on a moving skateboard.
I'm so hungry I could eat this piece of paper. *adds salt to resume*
s/o to the fact that ketchup is a smoothie b/c tomatoes are fruits lol DIDNT SEE THAT ONE COMING DID U FRIES OMNOMNOM
What did the pirate tell his littler sister when she asked if she could hold his parrot? ISIS
Relationships are easy as pie! *burns pie*
Circumcisions are painful. When I got mine right after I was born, I couldn't walk for nearly a year
The wife & I fought last night. Saying things that can't be taken back. Like perishable goods. Baby food. DVDs with broken seals. Underwear.
Bad Joke You: Can you believe they're still together after all that crap Friend: Who? You: My butt cheeks!
I've just received my 14th Christmas card from the Alzheimer's Society.
Why did the turtle cross the road? To get to the shell station on the other side! *bum bum chi*
I walked a girl down into the dark woods. She said it's very scary. I said how do you think i feel i have to walk back alone..
A gorilla was shot I was playing pokemon go and the next thing i knew , a gorilla was dragging me around wtf mom
[first date] ME: one of my biggest pet peeves is people who think the world revolves around them MY DATE, WHO IS THE SUN: i see
Lady:(standing in the middle of a busy street)  Officer can you tell me how to get to the Hospital? Officer: Just stand where you are!!!
One day ISIS is going to screw up and accidentally hit 'add your location' to a tweet.
Did you hear 50 Cent was selling concert tickets for just $0.45 cents?! It was featuring nickleback...
I just met a girl with 12 nipples... Sounds pretty freaky, *dozen tit.*
Only in America: We have a holiday devoted to gratitude & then less than 12 hrs later beat the shit out of each other for a $10 crockpot.
So many people on Facebook ""Like"" everything but grammar.
If We Elect Donald Trump President.
What's everyone doing for Seis de Mayo?
To the guy in the wheelchair who stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide, but you can't run
How I feel when watching youtube... I dont mind the buffer ... I dont mind the adds... But when the ads buffer... I suffer
Anyone know how long we are supposed to ""Shake It Off""? Taylor never specified and frankly I'm exhausted!
How come I need a complex, indecipherable password to get on Twitter but only a 4-digit number to remove all my money from an ATM?
Did you hear about the nurse who swallowed razor blade? She gave herself a tonsillectomy, an appendectomy, a hysterectomy, and circumcised three of the doctors on her shift.
I want my tombstone to read ""Free WiFi"" so people would visit more often
""Describe yourself in 4 words."" Bad at counting.
What does Mexican binary code consist of? Zeros and Juans.
I broke up with my penis, so I wrote a song... Called ""So Long"".
Women who say, ""Awwww..."" after everything they hear are quite possibly the most annoying assholes on the planet.
I once lived opposite a slaughterhouse. The view from my bedroom was offal.
Why were the yearbook students expelled? They shot the whole school.
Women are like sand. The deeper you go, the wetter they get.
God hates fags He prefers a nice, fat, dank blunt.
Did you hear about the pigs who took up motorcycling? They wanted to catch bugs with their teeth.
Why are you being weird about how we made eye contact and both smiled and then I took the form of an actual bat and chased you for 11 miles
Nascar Rain I think if NASCAR would quit being sponsored by the movie Noah we wouldn't have so much rain on race day :)
How do I disable the autocorrect function on my wife?
""Choas Theory""-themed restaurant: Eating Disorder
replace the chair in the Oval Office w/slightly bigger chair every day for next 4 yrs til trump looks tiny + his feet don't touch the ground
My uncle used to ruin every Thanksgiving with his drinking problem, but now he found Jesus and ruins it with that.
What did the ruler gain a reputation for while campaigning? Straight talk.
I become instantly beautiful when I put on my sunglasses. -Every girl, ever.
Why are people leaving the Ukraine? I don't know but they sure are Russian.
What did the carpenter say to the girl he loved? Oh sweetheart, you are the eye of my maple....
What did the Dalai Lama say to the guy in the kebab shop? ""Make me one with everything.""
Sucks that these Crest strips only come in white
I don't like Jewish jokes. Anne Frankly I won't stand them.
I like my cigarettes like my Instagram. \#nofilter Edit: learned formatting
When I get naked in the bathroom.. The shower usually gets turned on.
[moving her panties to the side] HEY MAA, I'M MAKING ROOM FOR MY LEGOS IN YOUR UNDERWEAR DRAWER.
Shoutout to Batman for being a true American and proving the only superpower you need is money.
What do Ebola patients eat? Abola chicken noodle soup!
Bad grammar is my biggest pet peeve Their is nothing else than pisses me off more then seeing people use it.
What is the name of the Asian pointing out everyones mistakes? Xu wong
What does ""IDK"" mean? I keep asking people, but they don't know either.
What do my wife and my math teacher have in common? They both love to create problems that I am apparently supposed to solve.
I used to work at a fire hydrant factory. Benefits were good, but the parking was terrible.
I have recently learned that it is considered poor form to sit on Santa's lap and ask to be made a widow for Christmas... The more you know.
Two wind turbines are having a paddle 1: What's your thoughts on renewable energy? 2: I'm a big fan.
My hamster died... He fell asleep at the wheel.
I'll do a lot of things for money, but I draw the line at working...
In my interview for the binman job, I asked if you needed any special training... The interviewer said ""nah you just sort of pick it up as you go along"".
I went door-to-door today telling my neighbors I'm a registered sex offender so they'll keep their damn kids out of my yard.
I worked at a Chili's when I was in college, which is so embarrassing. I usually just tell people I was a stripper.
How can you tell if a Redditor is an extrovert? During any conversation he's looking at YOUR shoes.
Strip search? Fine but I'm going to need some music.
What's the difference between a Porsche and a porcupine? The pricks are on the outside of a porcupine.
I bought a gun from Chekhov... I figure I'll have to use it at some point.
If you plant a block of ramen noodles in the ground and water it with cold ones every day, it will grow into a college kid. It's science.
Police officer asks driver if he recognizes himself. Police officer asks man if he recognizes himself. Then the driver pulls out mirror and says ''yes it is me''
I once shot an unarmed man Well I was the one to shoot of both his arms but still...
What does a baby diaper and Obama have in common? There both full of shit.
Why do we PARK on a DRIVEway, but my mom's boyfriend Craig won't let me call him Dad when we hug?
Oriental Rugs and Tubs... could be a furniture store or a dyslexic whorehouse.
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down and use some lube
So I just listened to Kanye's album... Dafuq?
A young Jewish boy asks his father if he can borrow $50... His father replies: ""40 dollars!, what could you possibly need to borrow 30 dollars for?!?""
Im going to nickname my penis 'The Truth'... ...Because you want the truth, but you can't handle the truth, and sometimes the truth hurts.
but what does Jesus do when he wants to swim
Rick Astley: Do you have any Pixar movies I can borrow? Me: You can have Cars, Toy Story & Ratatouille, but I'm never gonna give you UP.
You can extend the olive branch.. but you can't beat them over the head with it
Love will tear us apart. Also, bears, wolves and some other woodland creatures.
Why does Mexico rarely wins medals at the olympic games? All the ones who can run/swim/jump already made it to America.
What happens when you step on an oily asian? Better not say. I feel like I'm already treading on a slippery slope.
sometime soon theyll all be screaming my name.. at the jamba juice because my order is ready and i am checking my phone
How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan Kenobi was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents...
What kind of protozoa likes  Halloween? An amoeboo!
What would a Prius minivan be called? Post-us
Fidel Castro's last words Fidel Castro's final words were: ""revive me I have the ray gun""
Young enough to know I can, old enough to know I shouldn't, stupid enough to do it anyway.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich? I don't fuck a sandwich before I eat it
GOD: I call this Tupperware SATAN: remember when I let u crash at my place and u said u owed me one G: yes S: make the lid a little smaller
I assume the Burning Bush was the Bible's first recorded STD.
So you got mustard on your jeans. Shut up about it. We live on a wet marble that flies circles around a giant burning star. Fuck your jeans.
My girlfriend said to me that she wanted me to tease her, so I said, ""All right, fatty.""
Did you hear about the Lord Of The Rings and Taxi Driver fanatic who had a bit of a stutter? He said to his friend, ""Jay, R, R you Tolkein to me?""
Be Alert The world needs more lerts.
Divorce.... Is the fucking you get for the fucking you got!
Small penises are like iPhones with cracked screens... They serve their purpose but nobody really wants one.
A construction worker asked me to make a joke about the contents of his toolbox. Unfortunately, I don't have any drill bits.
Why did the boy who rode his bike over a barbed  wire fence miss his music lesson? Because he'd already done the sharps and flats.
I hate it when people ask me what I'll be doing in 5 years. I don't have 2020 vision, guys.
What time does Sean Connery get to the US Open? Ten-ish
6 things should be common in a Girl and Tea. Should be hot. should be strong. should be sweet. adequate milk. should be ready in 5 minutes. And lastly, won't let you sleep whole night :)
Is onamonapia.... umderstood by deaf people?
10 Money Saving Tips (Joke) http://travelmediacafe.com/2014/11/18/10-money-saving-tips/
LPT: Always make sure to post to the correct subreddit. It is an embarrassing mistake and most people will think you're an idiot.
Why did Adele cross the road? Because she wanted to say: &gt
Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.
When my girlfriend and I decided to make it official, I told her: I have to tell you, before we met, I was... well...promiscuous. Oh cool she exclaimed. I love Greek mythology.
What do Germans look at on the internet? Danke memes
Late night phone convo BF: Ok you hang up GF: No, you hang up BF: No, you first GF: Nooo, you first NSA: Shut the fuck up and hang up already!
All I want for Christmas is a stormtrooper who doesn't miss the target every time he shoots.
It's called Facebook not Boobbook. So next time try to get your face in the picture too? K thanks.
What do you call a black astronaut? Invisible
Why did the bachelors purchase double amputee strippers for their party? Because they were 50% off!
So Abraham Lincoln walks into a bar... ...and says, ""I'll have a shot."" Did I just make up a new lame joke, or has this been done before? I think I need to sleep.
What did one lawyer say to the other? ""we are both lawyers.""
Abortions are so fun... ...they really bring out the kid in you
Why should Trump be careful of deporting Mexicans? It could go south so fast.
Why did the Seahawks win the 2015 NFC Championship game against the Packers? Because even Aaron Rodgers is a 12!
Her: What do you do? Me: Global prosthetics distribution. Her: You're an artificial limb salesman? Me: I prefer international arms dealer'.
I gave a blind man 10$ He told me he'll pay me back the next time he sees me.
Did you hear about the egg laden rabbit who jumps off bridges? He's the Easter Bungee!
What's in common between Batman and a black guy? They can't go into a store without Robin
Best Joke Ever... This US presidential election. Yup, I went there...
Knock, knock. Who's there? Alan Rickman and David Bowie. Alan Rickman and David Bowie who? Alan Rickman and David Bowie have both died recently.
What kind of government does Disney World have? A plutocracy
It is WAY TOO EARLY for Christmas music. -people in the year 75 BC
Today a woman came into my doctor's office with a sexually transmitted mental illness. She was fucking crazy.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish person? None.
Why does the food take so long at an Internet cafe? Because the servers cannot be found
What us the difference between white, brown and black people? The time God took to cook us
My stalker just threatened to kill herself if I didn't love her back. It's nice when problems resolve themselves like that.
Found my son and his GF naked in his room, Sex-ED is so advanced. Now, they also give homework!
His son asked him what gay meant. Son: Dad, what does gay mean? Dad: Happy son. It means happy. Son: Then are YOU gay DAD? Dad: No son...... i have a wife...
*rings bell* ""Can I help you?"" Yes I'd like a dragon on my back an- *starts pooping on a crucifix* WTF? *checks sign on door* ""Taboo Artist""
I play with my hair a lot because I don't have testicles.
Why is it a bad idea to give Elsa a balloon? Because she'll ""Let it go! Let it go!"" This joke was made up by my 5 year old nephew.
How do you get 50 Canadians out of a swimming pool? ""Please get out of the swimming pool.""
Me: This infomercial is so stupid. *10 mins later* Me: So all I have to pay on the 2nd one is the shipping and handling?
Guess what came in the mail today I did, I ran out of tissue.
In this economy I sometimes have to make tough choices. Like between eating or buy that cover for my iPad.
The Detroit Lions have been given guns to subvert increasing violence in the area... ...local zookeepers fear the worst.
What do you call a cellphone company that uses nuclear power? Cher-Mobile
I just vacuumed my dog to cut down on indoor shedding, if you're looking for a life coach or whatever.
I'm sorry I committed a home invasion but somebody had to do something about those carpets.
How many male chauvinist does it take to change a lightbulb? None, the wife can cook fine in the dark
When I got depressed, I joined the Army. I didn't have any experience or motivation, I just wanted a soldier to cry on.
What music is good to listen to while having a snack? 8 a bit music.
Most Offensive Jokes You've Ever Heard Dark/black humor, abortion jokes, dead baby jokes, show me your worst reddit. I'll start. What's better than winning gold in the Paralympics? - Walking
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on a sinking boat. Who survives? America
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A mega-sore-ass.
Why did the fly eat all of the butter? He wanted to become a butterfly!
Bethesda Softworks announce that Fallout 4 will be postponed until April 2016 Don't worry you are on the jokes section
Heard this gem in the video game L.A. Noire. Three blondes walk into a bar. You'd think one of them would have saw it.
What's the most trifling thing about divorce when you have kids? Child custardy
What's the hardest part of milking a mouse ?  Getting it to fit over a bucket !
lol these ppl ""don't see race"" right up until you start making beloved fictional characters black, then they're 18th century anthropologists
I hate niggers
Schrodinger's Cat is depressed Cat: No one came to my birthday party/funeral
Wife: Maybe its time for ""the talk"" Me: Ok. Son, cops can't bust you for the drugs you've done, just the drugs you have. Her: Not that talk!
How do you call a prison inmate? With a cell phone.
I can't stop drinking about you.
*Throws up some gang signs* *stabs self in eye with salad fork* Hubs: Next time you do the Macarena, put your fork down.
Did you hear the joke about the bees? Its a bit long to tell you now but I asure you it was very honey!
What do you call an alligator in a vest? Investigator!
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because there was too much pride on his side.
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow? You can't milk a cow for 15 years
Did you hear how the crazy camping show was last weekend? It was in tents.
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine? The porcupine has pricks on the outside.
What's a pedophile's favorite type of shoe? White vans.
What's shorter than Mt. Everest? Mt. Everer
How do you know you're in a modern art museum? If you need to ask if the bench is an art piece.
I added Paul Walker on xbox the other day... Too bad he spends all his time on the dashboard. *Courtesy of my cousin*
@BurgerKing I love the way all employees working the drive thru speak English as a 14th language. I just got a frog and an avocado.
American girls A kid asked his Dad if he could have $10 for a guinea pig. His Dad says, ""All I have is $5, why don't you find yourself a nice American girl.""
Did you know Paul walker was on the radio when he died? He was also on the dashboard, the windscreen and the steering wheel.
I recently had to stop making clothes for nuns... It was habit-forming.
Got all the way to the car and realized I left my keys back at the office The two things I hate most in life: 1. ISIS and 2. Accidental exercise
What did the fat guy give to the fat girl? Just the tip...
The most romantic restaurant in the world is not as dimly lit as the operating room on a TV medical drama.
At least I have all day sober to Sunday up.....
My parents once sent me abroad for the summer I didn't learn a thing from her.
Weed strin humor At the dispensary there is a strain called Aldous Huxley. If you smoke it with your wife she becomes sterile. #LegalWeedJokes
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? You can roast beef, but you can't pee soup.
40% of Americans over 60 believe... ... that they were at Woodstock.
Just watched a pirated movie On a scale of 1-10, I'd give it a 3.14
How do you stop a woman giving you a blow job? Marry her.
Why do we hate making up gay jokes? Because it's always a pain in the ass
Why are Americans so bad at League of Legends? because they can't protect their towers
I love milk... It's got lots of cowcium.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a police car? In a police car, the pricks are on the inside.
I just used Oxi Clean for the first time, and it's amazing. I'm starting to think Michael Jackson put it in his bath water.
Why do mice have a hole in their bottoms? Because otherwise they would be unable to track movement and move the cursor in the computer screen.
I always get told off when introducing my wife... Apparently, the label 'ex-girlfriend' is highly inappropriate.
Some of you are like family to me. I don't want you calling me either.
Been married six months and I can't even remember the last time I felt lucky on Google.
Hi, I'm black and I can't stand the stereotype that we are all criminals. -Sent from your iPhone
A vampire stopped coming to my nightly poker games. All I said was that he made too many mistakes...
History has forgotten the name of the man that invented the ""Lazy Susan"", but it conveniently still remembers the name of his ex-wife.
Wanna hear a joke? Serving sizes
How long are you supposed to wait to return a boy's call? This IRS guy sounded pretty into me
What do vegan zombies eat? ~Graaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnsssssss
This third bottle of wine has turned everything into a microphone.
I've just noticed my wife is wearing her sexy underwear. This can only mean one thing She's behind with the washing.
my wife wouldn't let me wear my pajama jeans to her awards luncheon thing because you can ""see my balls through them"" smh
Gas goes in the butt and out the mouth - Cigarettes
If you know someone who has too many kids, buy them a game of Jenga So they'll learn to pull out
Who has the most dangerous job in Transylvania? Dracula's dentist.
I dated a guy who always kneeled and prayed before sex. I still don't know if he was scared of what I'd do or thankful. Either way, amen.
If a bunch of nuns wanted to help small business, they could create their own small business writing business plans... And call it 'Nun of Your Business'
[Dirty] Why do men like golf so much? It makes it possible for them to go from hole to hole with an iron in their hands.
I've no idea why I'm a virgin. But I'm guessing it's because my Siamese twin is really ugly.
Yo mama's so mean... She's got no standard deviation!
What do you get when you cross a ghoul and a vampire? A hemogoblin. I came up with this during lecture after a dyslexic moment, thought someone may like it.
[zoo] ""This is the bear kids"" Wow I want his arms ""What? You cant ha.."" *kid shows tour guide 2nd amendment* ""Bring him the arms smh""
""What do we want?!"" ""TIME TRAVEL!"" ""When do we want it?!"" ""IRRELEVANT!""
What do you call a monkey in a minefield? A BABOOM!
Maybe, just once, someone will call me ma'am without adding, ""You're making a scene""
[first date] Me: You into role playing? Her: Kinky, what do you have in mind? Me: You fake a heart attack and we get our meal for free.
Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs? He doesn't want anyone to know he's fucking a chicken.
Me *about to get hit by a bus* OH SHIT I'M NOT THE MAIN CHARACTER
Hey in my nursing class we just learned how to bathe people can I practice on you?
[Corny] Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack
Don't fall in love. You will get feelings and die.
In light of recent events, I have no choice but to deduct a full star from my Yelp review of Earth.
Personality is 40% genetics, 40% upbringing, and 20% the last movie you watched.
How to even in three and half easy steps. I literally can't even.
What's the worst part about /r/meirl moderators? [Deleted]
Doctor Doctor I feel like a pair of curtains Well pull yourself together then
""You have to be pretty bad at math to use a calculator to check 3rd grade homework."" -My smartass kid to me just now.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Agnes ! Agnes who ? Agnes & Topeka & the Santa Fe !
What does it mean to be an Agnostic with insomnia and dyslexia? You stay up all night wondering if there is a dog.
No matter where you live, there's always 1 light switch that doesn't do anything.
If an interviewer asks you: ""Where do you see yourself in 5 years?"" say ""I don't know, did you see me pull up in a DaLorean?""
Hear about psych on netflix? Thats messed up
What's miley cyrus's favourite color? twerkquoise
I'm gonna try and shoot the whole school Said the yearbook photographer
Cop: Do you know why I pulled you over ? Me: You wanted to watch me lick my ice cream cone ? Cop: Just go please
You prefer white wine over red? For god's sake, try and see the world with some claret-y
""I'd like a nice stiff entendre please."" - Want me to make it a double? ""I'll just take it as it comes.""
I recently became friends with someone from Central Europe We met at a Chess tournament and I've never once beaten him in a game. He's my Czech mate
I was arrested for having sex with a 15 year old girl... I dunno, I thought she was older than that. I guess that makes two reasons why I'm a bad father.
who needs people when you got pizza
""I'm not a fan."" -air conditioner
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW? Porcupines have pricks on the OUTSIDE.
I bet the guy who invented falling asleep was totally like ""Oh no! I died! Hey, wait a minute...""
Wanted: Personal psychic for wealthy client. Salary: $10,000 per week plus bonuses. Free accommodation. 10 weeks paid leave per year. Company car. Generous pension scheme. You know where to apply.
My wife is upset we can't afford a vacation this year because I kept paying the kids to behave while I was driving
Happy Hints To brighten your day, instead of going to the gym, go to Walmart You will feel a lot better about yourself
I really hate when people get brie confused with similar cheeses. I camembert it.
What do you call a pile of blessed black waist sashes? A Benedictine Cumberbatch.
there once was a wonderful poet who knew that one day he woud blow it cuz his poems woud rhyme most of the time but occasionaly they didnt
Teacher: Why is the Mississippi such an unusual river? Pupil: Because it has four eyes and can't see!
Not paying more than $2,000 a kilo. And can we stop communicating through Twitter? I feel like these DM's are going to go public someday.
The best thing about hand sanitiser is that when you put it on, it looks like you are plotting to take over the world.
Oh you're in the shower? Here's the seven worst songs from your playlist. - shuffle mode
Have you ever worked on a farm.. Because you sure know how to raise my cock!
Looking for Sympathy? You'll find it between Shit and Syphilis in the dictionary.
Yo momma so fat She got an event horizon.
Why do people take acid at raves? Because there's so much base.
French toast I saw on the menu at a small restaurant 10% more French in your toast and I asked the waitress what that meant and she said. ""We swear at it""
What did Tom Riddle's calculator tell Harry Potter? 8008132
How did Jared lose 30 pounds? He dumped his girlfriend.
I hate it when people go round quoting the bible. I haven't even read it yet, but somehow folks think it's cool to give key plot points away
What's brown and sounds like a bell? DUNG!!!!
Where do you see yourself in five years? I don't know, I don't have 2020 vision.
Q: What do clouds wear under their clothes? A: Thunderware.
What's the best way to grease a Ferrari? Run over an Italian.
Dress for the job you want, not the job you have. I came to work naked. I want to be a porn star. Now I'm just unemployed.
A man goes to the doctor and says ""Doctor, my farts sound like a motorbike"" Doctor says ""you have an abscess"" Man says ""how do you know?"" Doctor says ""because abscess makes the fart go Honda""
If Bill O'Reilly and Barbara Walters got married what would they name the baby? Baba O'Reilly
The band's name is 1023 MB. They haven't had any gigs yet.
I raise the bar when it comes to lowering standards.
What's the difference between a Mexican and a book? The book has papers
How do you know when a Jewish chef is done cooking? You check the oven.
What do you call a fruit that is a vegetable? A crippled homo.
A man goes to the doctor... After looking at the man for 2 minutes the doctor says: ""Mr. Willow, you need to stop masturbating!"" ""Why, doctor?"" ""Because I can't exmine you otherwise!""
Can I get pregnant from looking at a man in another car, at a red light but then quickly looking away when he looks over?
A bunch of Jewish folks walk into a bar... Mitzva and celebrate Oscar's thirteenth bithday.
Study: 'Masturbation helps cure the common cold' Hope so, I've got no tissues left.
A priest, a rabbi, and a scientist walk into a bar... and have a wonderful conversation about politics.
It's awful that those other chipmunks force Alvin to wear an A on his sweater just because he's an adulterer.
Hoe do you call a dog that likes to be on the internet. A Labragoogle.
Wife: honey I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear! Husband: kitchen, living room, dining room, patio...
*a spider slowly rolls past my house on a tiny skateboard* ""kids, go to the bomb shelter. it seems my past has finally caught up with me""
Why can't a T-Rex clap it's hands? Because it's dead
Have you got a copy of  ""Living with a small penis ?"" Librarian  ""I don't think its in yet"" ""Yep thats the one""  I replied
Had a job interview yesterday and was asked how much I was worth so I got up to leave. They ask me if there is a problem? Yes there is, I can't afford to live off that.
What do you call a dinosaur from the Middle East? An Iran-asaurus!
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Neil Armstrong? Neil Armstrong was the first man on the moon, and Michael Jackson rapes kids and gets away with it.
How do skeletons reproduce? They don't.
How does any girl have less than 90 thousand Instagram followers?
Why did Helen Keller masturbate with only one hand? So she could moan with the other.
It's pretty impressive that Beethoven could play the piano considering he was a St. Bernard.
I feel really bad about being at this girl's house last night. I came in seconds. Besides that, what kind of shitty name is that for a cat?
In America, you're the bomb is a complement. In Iraq, you're the bomb is the argument.
What's the difference between real life Friends and the cast of the show Friends? The ability to binge watch Friends with your friends.
1) Bake cake. 2) Don't cut it into pieces. 3) Eat the whole thing. 4) Claim I ate ""only one piece of cake.""
Why couldn't Bach pay for his dinner? Because he was Baroque.
How do Mexicans greet Dr. Seuss? Jesus!
Why did Sally drop her ice cream? Because a semi truck hit her.
Q: What's the good part about having alzheimer's? You can hide your own easter eggs.
You're not fat. You're just... easier to see!
What do you call a sleeping prisoner? Under a-rest.
I sexually identify as Counter Strike... *And I'm globally offended*
How do you see if the Ken doll is ticklish? Give him test tickles.
What did the Texas sheriff say about the black guy who was shot 15 times? ""Worse case of suicide I ever saw.""
My friend really changed when she became a vegetarian, it's like I've never seen herbivore!
""Usain Bolt, Trump regrets/ Gawker downed by Hogan's sex/ Manafort, Putin's pet/ Lochte lies then hops on jet/ We didn't start the fire...""
I like my women like I like my beer Stout and bitter
Yeah, I'm basically a Pokemaster. *waves vaguely at shelves of confused squirrels in partially sealed Tupperware containers*
What's the number one comeback on r/Jokes? Riposte.
One way to handle social anxiety is to pretend you are a ghost & people are staring at you because they have a gift they never asked for
What's the difference between a dirty parking lot and a crab with breast implants? Ones a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean.
What does a Spanish cow say? Muuuuuuuey!
Wanna hear a racist joke ? Donald Trump
Where do pedophiles get the wedding rings? They go to Jared.
My wife turns over and accidentally kicks me in the nuts. I gasp. She gasps. Then she raises her arms and yells, ""I WIN! I WIN!""
I visited a real graveyard this Halloween I logged back into Google Plus.
I sexually identify as a pansexual And I have a fetish for cast-iron
What do you call the underground slave trade? The black market.
I realized I was dyslexic when I went to a toga party dressed as a goat.
""Why are you wearing?"" - existentialist reporter on the red carpet
What do you call a hacker who stays home when it snows outside? Edward Snowed-in!
Gawker must have been playing The Oregon Trail 'cause they just died of dissin' Terry.
A married couple walks into a bar.
*Goes into debt Debt: Wrong hole.
You're the reason why I wake up every morning... Just kidding, I have to go to work.
What did the Physics professor say to the fat kid in school? ""You've got a lot of potential!""
Every year there is a race from one side of Sweden to the other... They start at the Norwegian line and end up at the Finnish line.
I bought my epileptic boyfriend a strobe light for his birthday. He's gonna have a fit when he sees it.
Pretty sure the ""FINISH HIM"" guy from Mortal Kombat is giving relationship advice to every girl I date.
What did one plate say to the other? Lunch is on me.
Q: What can you do to help ease a heavy  traffic problem? A: Carry loaded weapons.
I hate when I'm singing along to the Beastie Boys and they mess up the lyrics.
How do you know when you're eating rabbit stew? When it has hares in it.
Chicken Joke Why did the chicken cross the road? -To get to your house. Knock knock -Who's there? The chicken.
You know what's great about being single ? Fucking everything
I always heard it was OK to date a nun... as long as you don't get into the habit.
If I had a time machine, I'd go back & mess with myself. I'd delete and retweet frog my tweets monkey with random words giraffe inserted.
On April Fools Day a mother put a fire cracker  under the pancakes. She blew her stack.
Why does it take so long for a pro-lifer to screw in a lightbulb? They love to watch mistakes being made.
My roommate just told me he tried to walk to Russia from Alaska. He pulled up short because he couldn't get his Bering Strait.
I think the government caused all the snow in the South Cause I'm Snowden
Why do Jews get circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that's not at least 10% off.
Do the right thing. Not right away, but like after you get called out.
'I like the smell of your meat' may not have been the best greeting to the hot waiter at the BBQ joint I picked for lunch.
why did my wife didn't like her jewellery? cuz she is a nazi
Happy International Women's day. Or a sad one. Or an angry one. Or a passive aggressive one. You never really know with women.
How many men does it take to open a can of beer? None. It should be open by the time she brings it to the couch.
What game do reindeer play in their stalls? Stable-tennis!
Q. ""Why do the KGB operate in groups of three?"" A. ""One can read, one can write and one to keep an eye on the two intellectuals.""
If she says, ""I'm OK" you're fine. If she says, ""I'm Fine" You're not OK.
""And the Lord said unto John.......
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.
INTERVIEWER: thank u, those are all my questions. do u hav any questions for us ME: yes...why do i want this job INTERVIEWER: [starts sweatig]
I finally found a girl with the same beliefs as my family She believes I'll amount to nothing as well.
Is chicken soup good for your health ? Not if you're the chicken !
I lost my virginity to a mentally disabled girl last night I wanted my first time to be special.
Holy Communion: PRIEST:""This is the body of Christ. Take it "" ME:""Uum,can I instagram it first?"" *We laughed & then I was excommunicated*
So I Organized a three-way last night... There was a couple of no-shows, but overall, it worked out fine.
I've just enjoyed a meal of Chicken Tarka Masala... It's like Chicken Tikka, only otter.
What does a vegetarian zombie eat? Grrrains.
I wish you were on the football team because I'd love to see your backfield in motion.
What shampoo do dragons prefer? Head &amp
What does caravans and women underwear have in common? Both are in the way if you are in a hurry
Why does a chicken coop have two doors ? Because if had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
I like my women like I like my Little Caesar's pizza- Hot &amp
What does a paedophile like to do while on vacation? Get some son.
Standing in the Park wondering why... I was standing in the Park wondering why Frisbies appear larger the closer it gets. Then it hit me.
You what's great about dick jokes? They're just so easy to slip in there
I've had an awful year. I lost my job, broke my leg and my wife's run off with my best friend... I do miss him.
I wouldn't create a palindrome for a Klondike Bar. But I'd... Murder for a jar of red rum.
What do a baby and a pancake have in common? If it s black it ain t good
Why is it so hard for programmers to get a prescription for pain killers? They have a history with codeine.
Life is like a penis... Life is like a penis, simple, chilled and free. It's women who make it hard... And kids who make it harder.
My neighbor just threw out the biggest trash I have ever seen.. Boy, I will surely miss Mrs. Jones
An M&amp
I accidentally mixed the I Can't Believe It's Not Butter in with the regular butter and NOW I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO BELIEVE!
Getting caught under your desk and coming up with nothing in your hand is always so hard to explain.
If you're going to walk really slowly in front of me you should at least have the courtesy to have a slammin booty.
I lost my job performing circumcisions I just couldn't cut it.
[doorbell] ""Hi, do you have time to discuss the Bible?"" ""You have cookies?"" ""No, sir I-"" ""Come back when you have cookies."" *closes door*
Me: *slides note to bank teller* Bank Teller: So....you're not robbing us, you just want to take a selfie with ""mad cash"" on your face?
Q. What's the rudest type of Elf? A. The GofuckyoursElf.
What do you say when comforting a grammar nazi? There, their, they're......
My dad could kick ur dads ass! Um have u seen my dad Hes a big guy huh? No really have u seen him? He left when I was 9 & never came back
did you hear about the cannibal in school? it was a struggle, but eventually he passed the class.
My best friend kept bragging about his expensive yacht Had to tell him to stop showboating.
When a person says a book is so good they can't put it down, but yet, are not holding that book. This is why I have trust issues.
How are babies like hinges? They are things to adore
KONY 2012 What Uganda do about it?
HR: You know why you're here? Me: So we can be alone? HR: Your new nickname is a problem. Me: We all have them. HR: Yes, but Sperminator?
What's the difference between a petri dish and white people? A petri dish develops a culture.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irish family? None
A butterfly just landed on the tip of my cigarette & exploded.nWhat in the hell do they put in butterflys?
what is the hardest part of eating a veggtable. might be offensive. THE WHEEL CHAIR!
Q: Why do so many fishermen own banjos? A: They make great anchors!
Thinking that you're on speaking terms with God is like finding out you've been playing both parts in an episode of ""Catfish""
What is a blonde's favorite fairy tale? Humpme Dumpme!
My friend had one of those novelty leg lamps from the Christmas Story movie, but he lost it recently... Now he's a lamputee
Grandad: hey Sonny, what's the name of that German? Grandson: for the thousandth time grandad, it's Alzheimer
Cops: COME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS WHERE WE CAN SEE THEM Invisible Hands Adam: shit
If I learned anything from Forest Gump it's that people who love to run are retarded.
Choosing between Trader Joe's and Whole Foods is white people's real Twilight.
A man and his zebra There lives a man and his zebra Jose. Jose is hard of sight. Every morning, just at dawn, the man takes out Jose and askes him ""Jose, can you see by the dawn's early light?""
Rappers, you don't have to tell them to wave their hands like they don't care. They're millennials: they already don't care.
My wife said sex with me is like a supersoaker water gun! Just two pumps and a squirt!
As a cop, I can't play PokemonGo... So I play Pokemon blacks: Gotta catch Jamal.
What did Joe Hill say when someone asked if he was Joe King? ""No, I'm dead serious.""
I was gonna make a joke about black people... , but it's too dark.
Did you hear about the guy who was told his genitals hadn't developed properly? He got a little testy.
You know it's a really good bar when there's a couple outside breaking up.
My wife said to me, ""Isn't it odd how on our keyboard the letters ORPN have been worn out?""
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs. Because they always take things literally.
Sorry, there's a technical problem preventing me from RTing your tweets. Technically they're not funny.
What happened to the Marine that took a laxative? He was relieved of doodie.
What do you call someone who believes rotten eggs smell bad, but doesn't care? An eggsy-stench-alist.
I'm the Jason Bourne of avoiding people I know at Starbucks.
[traffic stop] COP: where ya headed? ME: on my way home COP: *shining flashlight in my backseat* ME: look at me when I'm speaking to you
Martin Shkreli.
Why did Dory warn Nemo about escaping through the toilet? Because it was a sewer side mission!
What do Romeo and Juliet have in common with melons? They both cantaloupe.
If Excel had a record label.... It would be Excel ENT. I'll see myself out.
What Time Is It? Its time for lunch.
My girlfriend told me I need to spice things up in the bedroom... So I told her I would cumin her pussy. (That joke only works sometimes because it's seasonal)
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud
What was the jew doing in the ashtray? Family research.
I got the eye of the tiger ... and a lifetime ban from my local zoo.
I Wasn't Too Keen On The Idea Of Gay Parenting Until I met my wife, who was raised by two dads. That's when I came to my senses and realized.. NO MOTHER-IN-LAW!
You what the opposite of premature ejaculation is? Ejacu-late
What do you call a jew who works at a brewery? A he brew.
I might go to the airport and hold up a sign that says ""BABES"" and hope I get lucky.
Why do only 20 percent of blonde chicks lay Easter eggs? The rest are hunting peckers.
My fairy godmother asked me ""Do you want a long penis or a long memory?"" I don't remember my answer
That's nice that you're a Christian now. Could you maybe be a Christian a little quieter?
If you don't know the difference between there, their, and they're... Your a moron.
What do you call a woman in heaven? An Angel A crowd of women in heaven? - A host of Angels And all women in heaven? - PEACE ON EARTH!
How does a woman go about inventing something? She gives birth to a boy.
[in hell] Me: *sneeze* The devil: bless you Me, waving as I float to heaven: haha, fool the devil: DAMN YOU Me, floating back to hell: dang
Why did the midget get slapped? Because he told a woman how nice her hair smelled.
Why aren't burgers the least bit scared of Halloween? They're used to people 'goblin' them!
What is Jared Fogle's favorite meat in his Subway subs? 9 year old weiners
Ever since I got my antivirus check done on my computer. Single Asian ladies don't wanna do it with me anymore.
How can you tell if someone has a Jamaican accent? They roll their J's.
Why do old men take Viagra? It stops them from rolling out of bed.
Did you hear about the starving horse? He was so hungry, he ate himself
If you're having a weird pain today remember, tons of people die from that stuff all the time.
What do you call a cow that just gave birth? Decaffeinated
If there's two things I hate, it's racist people and niggers.
just ordered so much food the delivery guy gave me four sets of utensils but it's okay I still love myself
Why did the narcissist with multiple personalities and a propensity for domestic violence only have one black eye? Because she didn't need to re-beat himself.
What is the Italian postal motto? We know where **you** live, your family too!
A farmer in Devon has made history by growing a field of dildos! Unfortunately she's had a lot of problems with squatters.
What's a Ninja Turtle's favorite equation? A radical equation.
What do you do if an Elephant breaks his big toe? Call a big toe truck.
Yo mama is so ugly that she gave Freddy Krueger nightmares.
Did yo hear about the Hillary special at KFC? Two fat thighs and a left wing for $2.99
Shout out to Mother Earth! She's 4.6 billion years old and still getting hotter.
Why couldn't the taxidermist finish anything he started? Because he kept getting side tracked by pet projects
How do ants hide from aardvarks? They disguise themselves as uncles!
I thought for my whole life that air was free... ...then I bought a bag of chips.
Tried to inhale a pot seed to see if I could grow a pot plant in my lungs. Swallowed it instead and got a pot belly.
An ostrich commits grand heresy against the empire. He is promptly ostrichized. No? ok.
What did the god of lightning say after working out for the first time? I'm Thor
What does a pig put on his cut? Oinkment
I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.
They say men are 3 times as likely to be struck by lightning than women Because lighting is 1/3 as likely to strike in the kitchen
I'm hung like a baby boy. About 20 inches long, 14 inches around, weighs about 9 pounds.
[first day as a masseuse] Me: [closing book] ""...& they all lived happily ever after"" Customer: ""That's not what I meant by 'happy ending'""
My kids are really competing for least favorite today.
I saw that you ""liked"" my status. You want me, don't you?
How do you recycle a condom? Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it.
Why do people say ""Be there or be square""? Because if you're not there, then you're not around.
The George Dubya Bush Presidential Library burned down... All three books were destroyed. Two of em hadn't even been coloured in yet.
Rhinos are really just old, fat unicorns. Don't argue. U know i'm right.
I have 2 donuts: a secular one and a religious one. The secular one is solid. The religious one is holey.
I'm just a girl sitting here wondering which outfit I own goes best with bad decisions...
Please help, my email isn't twerking.. I think there is something cyrusly wrong.
What does a racist baker exclaim? white flour!
Why did the blind lady fall into the well? Because she couldn't see that well.
I didn't post that copyright notice thing on my Facebook and I've already seen SIX of MY photos of me with my casseroles in BMW commercials
How many feminists does it take to change a light-bulb? THAT'S NOT FUNNY!
If we're strictly talking body count, then I'm a morning person.
What is a time travelling vacuum cleaner called? Dr Whoover
Relax,,, We're all crazy.. It's not a competition.
You have two choices in life: You can stay single and be miserable, or get married and wish you were dead.
Parenting 101 1. Pour milk on floor. 2. Ask which kid did it. 3. Send them to their rooms when they don't admit it. 4. Enjoy peaceful evening.
What does a Mexican duck say? Guac Guac
I only have a beard so I can scratch it while I judge.
Do you ever wake up, kiss the person sleeping beside you and feel glad to be alive? I just did and I won't be allowed on this airline again
I have a friend named ""Chris Hoffman"" I asked him to name his son Jack.
I miss my dog so much since he died, I just paid a homeless guy to come over and take a shit on my kitchen floor and then eat it.
What does a sheep, a drum, and a snake all say when falling off of a cliff? Baa-Dum-Sss
Reddit will end with not a bang, but a Pao.
So Nicolas Cage and John Travolta walk into a bar and the bartender says ""hey, why the wrong face?""
How do telegraph operators apologize? Remorse code
The teacher asked Jimmy ""Why is your cat at school today Jimmy?"" Jimmy replied crying, ""Because I heard my daddy tell my mommy, 'I am going to eat that p*ssy once Jimmy leaves for school today!'""
What You're Saying with Your Drink Choice Lol
At the risk of offending my fans, I finally bought an air conditioner
The best pickup line I have a weapon in my pants. It's so strong it could destroy Uranus.
Ebola has been in the US for 1 day and people are already wearing masks. AIDS has been here for 55 years and fools still don't use a condom
You're spending a lot of time at that  computer screen. Have you had your eyes checked? No they've always been blue!
There are 10 kinds of people in this world, those who understand binary, those who don't, and those who weren't expecting a trinary joke.
How do animals cross the ocean? On a Gir-raft.
I had a really good joke... but autocorrect ruined the lunchtime
The amount of time you spend cleaning your house before a friend comes over is inversely proportional to the quality of that friendship.
How did the butcher introduce his wife? Meet Patty!
So I got a piece of ass this morning... my finger slipped through the paper.
How does a train eat? They Chew-Chew.
Why is the robot good at one night stands? Because he nuts and bolts.
New phone My sister got an Iphone 5c. I asked if I could C it she said ""No"" so I said SIRI ously
Why didn't the dentist ask his secretary out?...He was already taking out a tooth
It seems highly unlikely that the Romans would have built a new cross for every execution, which means... Jesus was a repost.
*tries to mount a horse* Horse: ""I have a boyfriend.""
You hear about the newswoman with one boob? She kept abreast of the current issues. (go easy...just made this up)
Why has there never been a military dictatorship in America? Because they don't have an American embassy over there.
Who isn't white or black but shows you no color? A Rod
Yo momma so old.... She has a separate entrance for black men.
God all I want is a chance to prove that winning the lottery won't change me.
What's the best drink for a dog? An old faschund.
Just ate two bacon cheeseburgers, so if anyone wants to come rob me, I won't be getting up.
How many cats does it take to make a fur coat? None! Cats can't sew!
A man walks into a library to check out a book for men with small penises. The librarian looks on her computer and says, ""I don't know if it's in yet."" ""Yeah that's the one""
""Does this leaf make me look fat?"" - Eve.
What does my ex and a tampon have in common? They're both stuck up cunts.
President Lincoln ""I'm going to miss you, President Lincoln" said John Wilkes Booth. Booth lied. He didn't.
Saudi TV Mistake Saudi Arabia TV reported the Brussels attack 15 minutes earlier than it actually happened. Saudi TV sincerely apologizes for this innocent mistake.
Me: C'mon, baby. Send me a pic. Her: I dunno. Me: Baby, please. I need it. Her: Fine. *Opens pic of pug dressed like a duck* Me: Sweeeeeet
What's grey and comes in quarts? Elephants
if formula for area of a circle is true, whats the shape of pi. square
Seven days without Mexican food.... Makes Juan weak.
I heard some new music today and I can't be sure if I liked it or not. It was called Schrodinger Scat.
Why do they call it PMS? Because mad cow disease was already taken.
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb? You can always unscrew a light bulb.
The awesome moment when you're telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you
This fly I just killed in my apartment is more talented than every celebrity that tweets on this fucking site.
Goldman Sachs is trimming bonuses. Conan O'Brien's payout is only $32 million. Anyone know where we can text-message our donations?
Q: What do you call a bunch of dead black people in a barn? A: Out dated farming equipment.
What do you call a midget psychic on the run? A small medium at large.
My next door neighbour just confronted me about her clothes going missing from the washing line .. I nearly shit her pants
Whats black and thin and all over my private parts? Dead African Children
How did Jesus feel when they crucified him? He was cross.
So I'm banging this guy from behind... ... and he turns around to kiss me, and I say ""Whoa, buddy. I'm not gay!""
Six U.S congress men die and go to heaven.
""I may be fat, but you're ugly  I can lose weight!""
Did you hear about the LEGO truck that crashed on the highway? Authorities are still trying to piece everything together...
What do you call a man with no shin Toe knee
What's the worst part about being black and jewish? You have to sit in the back of the oven.
out of all the lies ive told just kidding is my favorite. I don't get it?
What is Dwight Schrute's hometown? Nanda Parbeets.
My parents are mixed raced. My Dad prefers the 100 meters, and my mother is Pakistani. ~ Stewart Francis.
Chuck Norris can do a roundhouse kick faster than the speed of light. This means that if you turn on a light switch, you will be dead before the lightbulb turns on.
Girls are like math problems... If they are under 18, it's best you do them in your head.
What is the difference between my car and Whitney Houston? My car can hit 50.
Woke up at 5 am. Early to bed early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise. Not to mention completely delusional about being healthy, wealthy, and wise.
The first rule of denial club is I can stop anytime I want.
Life is life, Sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium.
How much lube does the Hamburglar need to fuck his kinky girlfriend? About a quart to pound her with cheese.
I told this guy I was arguing with if he stepped one more step closer I would hit him in the face, but he kept walking right to me. I guess he didn't understand the punchline.
The 7 Habits of Highly Successful Nun Impersonators
What's 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole? OBAMA'S tie
What did the dejected man say to the considerate calculator trying to console him? It's the bot that counts.
Did you hear the one about the cannibal who passed his nephew in the jungle? ...
i must be really good on the phone Whenever I call a company, they tell me they are going to use my call for training purposes.
I hit a can of bug spray with a hammer and my dad walked in the room. He caught me beating Off
Police: Viagra on the Rise as Recreational Drug Amongst Urban Youth The Boys in the Hood are always hard.
Name please ""Yo-Yo Ma"" Your full name [quietly] ""Yoghurt-Yoghurt Marmalade""
Galactus is about to eat our solar system when he flips over the label WARNING: CONTAINS MERCURY ""No thanks, I'll eat something else.""
My Grandpa got his tongue shot off in the war... But He never talks about it.
What's the difference between boogers and rice pudding? Nobody eats rice pudding.
9: What did that message on the TV say Me: It said, the film has been modified to fit our screen 9: How do they know what size TV we have?
""Hi?"" -First cow being milked
What are the strongest days? Saturday and Sundays. The others are weakdays
Having no tattoos in 2014, is like having tattoos in 1967.
Abortion clinics are awful. But their smoothies are to die for.
84% of Canadians think the preparations for the American blizzard are ""cute""
Whats the difference between a priest and acne?? Acne waits until your 12 to come on your face.
My mom let the street raise me, which is why the only things I'm really good at are letters, numbers, and talking like Cookie Monster.
""Knok Knock "" -""Knok Knock."" =""Who's there ?"" -""Grandad"" =""Shit, stop the funeral"" credit: Gary Delaney
I haven't made egg jokes in a while I thought I'd take a crack at them
50 shades of hay [50 shades of hay](http://imgur.com/YRGs7P0)
The symptoms of Ebola... ... are sweating, weakness, diarrhoea &amp
Two Irishman walk out of a pub. It could happen.
Rappers are terrible with pets: the Baja Men let their dogs out, DMX never knows where his dogs are at, and Pitbull is awful.
Death Joke ""My grandfather knew the exact time of the exact day of the exact year that he would die."" ""Wow, what an evolved soul! How did it come to him?"" ""The judge told him.""
I go to the gym religiously. You know, once or twice a year around the holidays.
Why are camels known as the ships of the desert? Because they're filled with Arab semen.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't!
McDonald's being the official restaurant of the Olympics is like smoking being the official medicine of cancer.
You know, gas prices really aren't that bad when you consider that you're essentially buying dinosaurs in liquid form.
10 WARNING SIGNS THAT YOU'RE CURRENTLY READING A LIST
What do you call a party with no Filipino people? A no-Nguyen scenario.
The police are looking for a thief with one eye Why don't they use two?
Texting someone back while driving just means that you love them enough to actually die for them.
Why are you eating a banana with the skin on? Oh it's all right. I know what's inside.
What's smaller than a teenie weenie ant? An ant's teenie weenie!
I'm wearing a push-up bra and can still only do 3 push-ups. Would not recommend.
I named my eraser Confidence It gets smaller every time I make a mistake.
Bear of bad news: Hey, sport. You might wanna be sitting down. Ready? Oh god how do I put this? I'm gonna have to maul the shit out of you.
*Tries to hit the gym* *Gym hits back*
MATH JOKE: The ladies call me an integral ...because I fill the area under their curves
What's Rick Grimes' favorite holiday? Christmas, Carl
The iPhone doesn't have a headphone jack and the Samsung battery is exploding... It's like the mobile equivalent of our presidential election!
After two divorces, I think I've found the key to a successful marriage. Don't marry a c*nt.
Her: You know when you're craving a cheeseburger but you order a salad instead... Me: (wiping ketchup off my face with my sleeve) No.
Calling Sony comments""racially insensitive remarks"" instead of ""racist""? U can put a cherry on a pile of sh*t but it don't make it a sundae.
Did you hear about the Mexican Train Killer? He had loco motives
[commercial] Narrator: These are real people and not actors- Actor watching the commercial: *throws lamp at TV* WE'RE PEOPLE TOO!
What will men do if women become extinct? Domesticate another animal.
I skipped the 9 puns and killed the last one. That's a pun in ten dead.
I've seen: UFOs Ghosts A Two Headed Turtle Kimodo Dragons But nothing is as unbelievable to me as seeing Trump run for president.
Anyone need a job? I hear Malaysia Airlines is looking for people. ^im ^so ^sorry
If you have a dog grooming business and it's not called ""Doggie Style"" then something is wrong with you.
I will die one day at a Del Taco, shot dead by a SWAT team after taking several hostages over what I feel is the meaning of extra cheese.
My wife ordered a pizza from Papa John's but I saved a step by throwing up before it got here.
""Pikachu, use astonish!"" *Leans into opponent's ear* ""Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.""
I've always wanted a job cleaning mirrors... It's just something I can see myself doing.
What did the businessman wear to the thai restaurant? A plaid tie.
Respond to every ""How was your weekend?"" today by staring off into the distance & whispering ""So much blood...""
I should've been a sniper. They get to lie around all day and hardly lift a finger.
Why don't old women ever have sex? ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
Text from niece: I'm board! M: Perhaps you could work on your spelling. N: Wat?
Why are TV's attracted to people? Because we turn them on. /*Badumtss*/
Every time I see an obese family at a buffet, I throw a sack of marbles onto the table and have a live showing of Hungry Hungry Hippos.
A man visits a prostitute The man says, ""I want to have sex with you for $200, but then I also want to hit you"" The prostitute asks, ""For how long?"" The man replies, ""Until I have my money back!""
Why did the Titanic have a hard time getting a date? It couldn't break the ice.
What makes light beer and having sex on a canoe essentially the same thing? They are both fucking close to water.
Once you have to start paying a babysitter every time you go out, you realize most friendships aren't worth it.
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob? If we don't get some support soon, people are going to think we're nuts.
Why didn't the Smurfs fit in the house? There wasn't [mushroom](http://i.imgur.com/Yt9AWCO.jpg)
Him: why doesn't anyone want me? Me: I want you. Him: why doesn't anyone else want me?
In hell, your socks are always wet
A bunch of police officers were outside of a gas station today Apparently someone threw a case of beer ontop of his baby. The baby is okay though, it was a light beer
Apparently googling ""how to get suspended with pay"" from my work computer is frowned on by my employer.
[ISIS cuts off some dudes heads] Whoa thats messed up you better quit it! [ISIS breaks old rocks] OKAY WE HAVE TO STOP THEM NOW.
Where does Amy go after the explosion? EVERYWHERE!!!
Guns don't kill people People that have 5 kids, 1 cat, 2 ex-mother-in-laws & work 50 hours a week without wine in their life, kill people
Who are you going to trust, some real doctor who says it's impossible to make you a centaur, or me, the guy with a hacksaw and half a horse?
""You know what? Guys should play ALL the parts. We could even wear dresses and kiss and stuff."" - Shakespeare's gay friend
Noisy Nights by Constance Norah
Do you know you can't hang a man with a wooden leg in Maine? You have to use a rope.
What did one dog say to the other when he wanted a marker? ""Pass the Shar Pei, please.""
What happens when Vladimir Putin stands up too fast? Head Russian...
The best part of September is fucking with Green Day during their hibernation.
What did the doctor say to the man who walked off the roof of his house? I don't think you understand the gravity of the situation.
What is the difference between Donald Trump's hair and a Headcrab? Nothing.
When you're alone in your room, start doing karate so ghosts know what's up.
U once broke ur toe? I once broke my foot. U had a baby? I had 2 babies. U have a bad back? I have a bad front. I can do this all day, btw.
i know i'm getting old because i'm grumpy, i sleep early, and the devil appears with an empty hourglass whenever i shut my medicine cabinet
What do you say if your mom sees you having sex? You say: Look mom, no hands!
What do you do if attacked by a clan of clowns? Go for the juggler
I was gonna tell you guys a gay joke... ...butt fuck it
Why can't Iron Man stay in a steady relationship? He has rust issues.
What do you have left after you burn a French alphabet? H Edit: I don't like explaining jokes but since the first guy didn't get I might as well: When pronounced in a French accent it sounds like ash.
Her: What veggies are the kids having with dinner? Me: (Smacking the bottom of a ketchup bottle) Fresh Tomatoes...
How many American cops does it take to change a broken lightbulb? Two. One to arrest the room for being black, and the other to arrest the bulb for being broke.
Totally Original Roses are Red Violets are Blue Some Poems Rhyme This one doesn't
A Nerd joke.. A photon walks up to an airline counter to buy a ticket and the clerk asks ""any baggage to check?"" The photon replies ""No, I'm traveling light.""
sapnu puaS Read it upside down
In a perfect world a ""Party Pooper"" would be someone who could shoot confetti out of their butt.
Knock, Knock... Who's there? Peas. Peas who? *Peas pass the butter*
There was an old lady at a ATM today, she asked me if I could help check her balance. So I pushed her over.
What kind of juice does hitler drink? Concentrated juice.
Never feel worthless! Your organs are worth thousands.
Please Choose a Sears Portrait Background: 1. Autumn Leaves 2. Toenail Fungal Infection 3. Country Cabin 4. Alarmed Possum
The photo technician got caught masterbating to people's photos They charged him with ""indecent exposure""
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Grunge Barbie ...with flannel shirt and a goatee
Luigi: You got your own land, world & galaxy. Can I have Mario Mansion? Mario: ok fine [under breath] gonna put a bunch of ghosts in it tho
I was going down on my grandmother the other day... When I tasted horse semen, and I thought ""huh, that must be how she died.""
All i'm saying is, before Back to the Future 3, he was fine.
a horse walks into a bar A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, ""why the long face""? The horse says, ""I have cancer"".
A man goes to a $3 hooker He contracted crabs. When he goes back to complain, the hooker laughs and says, ""What do you expect for $3, a lobster?""
What's worse than a lobster on your piano? Crabs on your organ!
chocolate just tastes better when you pretend a fat German kid drowned in it
no matter what the government says no one can stop you from eating the bugs you find in your garden
What's worse than a lobster on your piano? Crabs on your organ.
What do you call... What do you call four mexicans standing in quicksand? Cuatros Cincos
Do you know how to keep an idiot in suspense? I'll tell you later.
Yeah, I knew Shakespeare in college. Typical neck bard.
I don't always date people with... I don't always date people with chromosomes... But when I do, I prefer Dos Equis.
I told a friend of mine that me and other friends were talking about him behind his back. He told me, ""You disgust me."" And I said, ""Yes. Yes we did.""
What does a tight-rope walker eat for breakfast? A Balanced Diet!
What do you get if you cross a sorceress with a millionaire? A very witch person.
Me trying to impress a girl Girl: I'm Into horror movies Me: My dad's a serial killer
No matter if you are American or European 9/11 is a sad date
I went for my prostate examination this morning.After inserting a finger into my arse and having a good feel around, the doctor looked at me and said, ""that should be my finger, not yours""
Me: congrats! Are you pregnant? Her: (awkwardly) Noooo... Me: *panics* do you wanna be? -great save- thanks brain
My doctor just told me I'm suffering from paranoia. Well he didn't actually say that, but I could tell it was what he was thinking.
Making Asian food is easy... It's a WOK in the park
Wearing 'EarPods' is my favorite way of making the rest of the world believe my verbal outbursts are part of a heated phone conversation.
Boss confused me with another employee and fired me. Then called two days later to fire me for not showing up for 2 days. #HowIGotFired
If short people smoke weed... If short people smoke weed, do they get high or medium.
Her: Do you kik? Me: Like rocks? Her: .......
Why did Sauron buy the sedan instead of the coupe? More doors.
A dog owner tells his dog.. Owner: ""Who's a good boy?"" Doggo: ""Did you just assume my gender?!""
What do you call a skank playing ""H.O.R.S.E?"" She missed two shots, so she's a ho.  I'll leave now.
I doubt Vodka is the answer, but it's worth a shot
They demolished my local Domino's Pizza shop... yesterday, and then all the other shops on the street fell down.
Every time I cook risotto I feel like Gordon Ramsey is going to walk in and scream at me.
Family size or very determined single person size?
What do you call a Chameleon that cant change colors? A reptile dysfunction...
I think it's about time Taylor Swift wrote a song and called it ""Maybe I am The Problem"".
me as a realtor: This house does include a crawl space. It's probably full of bones already, but you can always add more bones yourself.
Chemistry, ok. But soulmates? You'd think if our spirits were perfectly matched, they'd be comfortable at the same thermostat setting.
My friend is always looking for trouble... Which is good because he's a cop.
Pokemon GO is trying to fix its servers... It's not very effective.
Where did the general put his armies? In his sleevies.
Why can't you tell Walter White a knock knock joke? Because he is the one who knocks.
Why doesn't Jesus participate in Battle Raps? All his comebacks take three days..
A blind man walks into a bar, and a chair, a table, and a human.
A reboot of Dexter, but this time he stalks and kills people who crunch their disposable water bottles as they drink.
Whats the difference between Usain bolt and Hitler? Usain bolt can finish a race. Edit: Grammar
*Closes refrigerator door and hears contents inside fall* Well... sounds like a problem for the next person.
Did you hear about the broken watch from the 1800's? It was a timeless classic.
On his first day, my gay friend lost his job at the sperm bank. He was caught drinking on the job.
You say ""tomato" I say ""tomato" and there, we've written our own wedding vows
There is a fine line between the numerator and the denominator Only a fraction of people will get this.
Big bad wolf says to LittleRedRidingHood: Ho-ho-ho - I'm going to eat you all up! LittleRedRidingHood says: ""Eat, eat, eat. Doesn't anyone wanna fuck anymore?""
ducks love bread but aparently bread is bad for ducks, so dont feed ducks bread, but love ducks even more bc theyre self-destructive like us
BAlls and Pen*s are best friends Balls to penis: why the fcuk you leave me when u see a hole or 2 mountains? Penis: coz thats the only time i really need you
I started observing extremists Wanted to find out what made them tick... tock... boom
Q: What's big, red, and eats rocks? A: A big red rock eater.
How is a Bill Cosby better than Ronda Rousey? He's never met a woman he hasn't knocked out.
""No. No birthdays, Christmas or modern medicine.. But you sure do make great friends going door-to-door"" *Door slams - Jehova's Witnesses
I don't mean to be a party pooper but... where's your bathroom?
I used to feel tired and sluggish. nothing could get me out of the house. then i tried MethTM and boy did i burn my house down
[Different version] How to be insulting Never mind, you wouldn't get it
- Are you sure? -defenet... difini... difine... YES IM SURE!
[Interview] ""Tell me your weaknesses"" Me: Well, I.. *wife busts in* He's a mouth breather, leaves the toilet seat up, forgets to take out th
What's the difference between a baby and a trampoline? I take my shoes off to jump on a trampoline.
What did the butcher say when he handed his customer an empty pack of hotdogs on halloween? Happy halloweenie
A man is in a car wreck and is rushed to the ER. When he wakes up he tells the doctor: ""I can't feel my legs!!!"" The doctor replies: ""I know, I cut your arms off.""
If you walk up to me with a plate of food and say ""Matt?"" My name will always be Matt.
Didn't u hate it when as a kid u got the ""mystery flavor"" lollipop & the mystery ended up being that your parents got divorced (Or lemon)?
Irony is lost on kleptomaniacs because they take everything literally.
Someone once told me that nothing rhymes with orange ... I said, ""no it doesn't....""
I hadn't seen it in a while, but at a concert last night I saw someone using a disposable camera... It gave me a flashback
How come Greek salad doesn't have any lettuce? Austerity.
Dear Diary, men think about sex every 7 seconds. I do that with pizza.
There's a new terrorist group targeting gorillas It's called Boko Harambe
Justin Bieber was ""Baptized"" last night.... Or as the church likes to call it... ""A failed attempt to drown Bieber""
Thinking of getting another bed just for all my laundry
I wear glasses during math, Because it improves division.
I saw a train today... It seemed really angry.
Keep your friends close, your enemies close, aliens not so close, ghosts close, snakes close, skeletons close, everything just in a big pile
Welcome, take off your pants ...and jacket.
Whats so great about twenty-five year olds? There's 20 of them! (I can't believe this isn't a repost.)
Joe Jackson is the first father in history to successfully beat the black out of his son. http://i.imgur.com/AbZiowN.jpg
I just read an article about a man swept out to sea during a baptism. I guess that's God's Way of saying ""Nope"".
What do you call a black man flying an airplane? a pilot
What are three signs old age? 1. Becoming forgetful
What do you have to know to be a real estate salesman? Lots.
Marathon Just won my first marathon. I am experiencing the thrill of victory and the agony of de feet.
Only assholes name drop. Bruce Springsteen told me that.
I didn't sleep very good last night... So I put some Monster Energy drink in my coffee this morning. I got halfway to work before before I realised I forgot my car.
What's wrong with the phrase ""War on Drugs""? Wars end.
Have you guys heard about the new internet milk? It's for cereal.
Can you tell me what you call a person from Corsica? Course a can.
Did you hear about the kleptomaniac who went to the theater the other day? He stole the show!
It's always a good idea to make friends with babies. That's free cake once a year for a lifetime.
What are your best corny jokes? I want them all! ""What's brown and sticky?"" ""A stick.""
My psychic friend is really excited about this new year. You could say he's really looking forward to it.
What is Putin's favorite Justin Timberlake song? Cremia River
I spend a lot of money at Sephora for someone who's got access to filters
Did you hear about the man who had his right side cut off He's dead. Died from blood loss. Poor guy. On the bright side, his family got what's left of him.
If a dog sniffs your ass, you're probably a bitch.
My dad likes to come to my office & tell the receptionist he's my parole officer in case you were wondering how I turned out like this.
You'll catch more flies with honey than you will with vinegar. Also a rotting corpse will work. Or poop. Lots of ways to attract flies.
Each of my 4 children has made me a better parent. So I figure I only need 34 more kids to be a pretty decent guy.
If an elephant is the symbol of the Republican Party and a donkey is the symbol of the Democratic Party what is a pig the symbol of? Any party where there's lots of food.
100m Dash A girl says to her friend ""The last time I had sex was like the 100 meter dash"" Her friend says ""What, over in 6 seconds?"" ""No, with 8 black men and a gun.""
Check up time. I've just been for my 6 month check up and everything seem to be going well until he slipped his finger in to check my prostate. I will not be using that dental practise again.
What does an Asian with the biggest erection get when he walks into a wall? A broken nose.
My girlfriend called me a pedophile yesterday... ...so I said, ""That's a big word for a seven-year-old""
There's 3 kinds of people in this world people who can count, and people who can't count
Have you heard about the new Corduroy pillow cases? They have made all the headlines.
For the last time, I don't have any secret prison camps. Anyone who doesn't believe me will be sent to a secret prison camp.
You know its my phone if it looks like someone fingerpainted the touch screen in donut glaze.
How can Rihanna tell when Chris Brown's cheating on her? The brand of makeup on his knuckle isn't hers.
What's the difference between the foundation of a building and the average Redittor? The foundation's been laid.
What were the political views of the librarian? She wanted open borders.
An artist found a way to draw a two-sided figure, but the International Geometry Summit immediately began to furiously contest the new shape... I say, let bi-gons be bi-gons
I just failed my butcher's exam. Mis-steaks were made.
Why was Edward stuck at the Russian airport? Because he was Snowden.
How do you bury a Jew? Dig a really deep hole and throw a penny in it.
All men approve of premarital sex...until they have a daughter.
I feel sorry for my testicles. They can't even hang out without being judged.
What's Bill Clinton's favorite Pink Floyd jam? Have a Cigar
A leaf and an emo fall from a tree. Who hits the ground first? The leaf. The rope stopped the emo.
If I died & went straight to hell it would probably take me 2 or 3 weeks before I realized I wasn't at work anymore.
What do you get when you cross pickle &amp
Two guys walk down the street And one falls through the window
What do you call a closet full of lesbians? A liquor cabinet.
Women know that men are like linoleum . . . If they lay 'em right the first time, they can walk on them for years.
""Don't dip your pen in company ink."" - HR training seminar explaining why I shouldn't sleep with the receptionist...I think.
Shoutout to rattlesnakes and condoms... Because I don't fuck with either of them.
hey girl, are you my mom? cuz i'd like to kill your husband and fuck you
If Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg adopted a child... they could call it Slush Puppy :)
I've been working on my favorite puns... I took ten of the best puns I knew and entered them into a local radio contest, hoping that one would win. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.
Why was the cat so small ? Because it only ate condensed milk !
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? It's not enough to change the bulb
When I was your age, I was outside all day until dark 15: The batteries on cell phones must have been a lot better back then Me: .........
A homophobe goes to the doctor to see if he has cancer... He says, ""Give it to me straight, Doc.""
Why do cows lie down in the rain? To keep each udder dry.
What's the difference between a black man and a bike? The bike doesn't start singing when you put a chain on it.
If you see me longingly looking at you at the pub, i'm just wondering if you're going to eat all those nachos?
Why didn't Lebron go to college? he didn't want to show up for the finals
Father Christmas: What's your favourite Christmas story? Elf: The one about the ghost that steals porridge! Father Christmas: You mean 'Ghoul-di-locks'!
Why was Jeffrey Dahmer so healthy? Because he ate five fruits a day!
Apple Computer is taking steps to protect user privacy. Their new policy is iWon't tell...iPromise
[First day of dropping kids off at school] *Hugs and crying* [2nd day] ""Get out!""
Hoot: How the hell can ya be so stupid?  Jessie: Well it ain't somethin' yew can pick up overnight.
What did the first ape that could walk say to all the other apes? I'm walkin' here!
My buddy plays golf like a man masturbating in a cold shower No matter how he strokes it's just not going to happen
Just bought a thesaurus at the store and brought it home to find out the pages are all blank.... I have no words right now to describe how angry I am.
What did the husband tell his wife to do after he slapped her? The same thing he told her the first time!
Why did Germany run out of gas? Because they gave it to the Jews I'll be in Argentina for awhile.
A man goes on reddit to read some jokes Only to find out that the same jokes keep appearing on every page!
Here's a joke for ya. A dyslexic man walks in to a bra.
My boyfriend said we could only get one cat. So I'm only getting one cat. One pregnant cat.
When the atm charges you 3.50 to take out your own money but tells you to cover your pin so you don't get robbed
Will Will Smith Smith? Yes... Will Smith will smith
What did the Indian man name his sandwich shop? New Delhi :D
It turns out if you cry at the DMV they'll let you take a second photo
Typos... that's just how I role.
Two people who really hate each other can suddenly really like each other if they can find someone else they can both really hate together.
Why was Stalin literally worse than Hitler? Because Hitler at least wrote his own books
Listen up: I wear the pants in this family. They're a lovely taffeta with a subtle flare to draw attention to my lace-up sandals.
I wonder who Rose is going to kill in Titanic II.
What's the most popular pub in the Middle East? The Allahu ak-Bar
My girlfriend told me that it was either her or my Meatloaf discography. I told her I would do anything for love, but I can't do that.
What do you call tea made by a stoned marsupial? High koala tea
What do Caitlyn Jenner and WWII have in common? The Battle of the Bulge.
What do pigs do on nice afternoons? They go on pignics.
Why does Vincent van Gogh always look forward to thenew year? Because everyone wishes him a new ear.
I'll put a comma, after a comma, even if it doesn't need a comma, to completely, drive you, insane.
Q: Why doesn't Saddam go out drinking? A: Why should he when he can get bombed at home?
I read in the local paper someone was going around pickpocketing midgets. I never thought someone could stoop so low.
For computer geeks. Less isn't more, less is more.
The angry moment when you plug your charger into your phone but you realize hours later your charger wasn't plugged in.
What do you call a rich South American? A Brazilianaire!
If I had to choose one word that encapsulates me, I'd say skin.
What do you say to a pregnant woman who wants to force her child to become a Rabbi? When is the baby Jew?
I'm 72 minutes in trying to reverse whatever my 3 y/o nephew did in one second to the TV remote.
I called my Colectomy surgeon's office... To check on my appointment. A man with a Russian accent answered the phone saying, ""Thank you for colon.""
It's 2011 and we're not driving dragons? The future sickens me.
[2 Years into Cosmetology School] Me:[applying perfect contours] When are we gonna start learning about space?
The Golden Globes is how everyone else on twitter gets revenge on sports fans.
me: remember how i was talking about getting a xylophone [doctor holds up my x-ray] where the hell are your ribs? me: im trying to tell you
My friend told me that each person creates 10 tons of CO2 a year, and said I should be taking steps to bring that number down so I shot a guy.
What's the difference between little girls and wine? Wine gets better as it gets older
Anyone remember the joke about the dwarf? Can't think right now, should be easy to remember, it was only a short one.
What does a mathematician get from a day at the beach? Tan lines.
I overheard my daughter asking the little boy next door, ""Are you the opposite sex, or am I.""
What do you call a group of obese gender reassigned persons? Trans fats.
Why don't the french like kiwifruit? Because of the green piece inside.
Did you know that the idea of recycling actually came about from a group of pirates? They came up with the idea of the four R's.
""i'll be back"" --arnold schwarzenegger getting into a 2-man horse costume
Show me a man who calls himself a vegan and I'll show you a man who's trying to sleep with a vegan.
Dear movies, We'll never be upset to the point of throwing expensive jewelry at the bottom of the ocean. Never. Sincerely, Women
Why do female skydivers wear tampons? So they don't whistle on the way down.
I now feel I've watched enough reruns of The Shawshank Redemption on basic cable that I'll be able to successfully make it in prison.
Asiana Airlines will be filing a lawsuit against KTVU for its inappropriate and racist names that were falsely broadcasted mid day Friday 7/12... ....said Asiana's attorney Wi Su Yu
What do you call a black widow trapped in a bowl of noodles? Natasha Ramenoff
What's Harry Potter's favorite way to go down a hill? Walking...JK, Rolling!
What has 3 thumbs and was born near a nuclear power plant? This guy
LMAOSHMSFOAIDMT = Laughing my ass off so hard my sombrero fell off and I dropped my taco.
Has anyone seen my sex doll? Of course I checked the tree house. Oh wait, it's here on the front lawn, still in your wedding dress LOL
Exec 1: So, you wait in long lines. No shade. Crying kids. Drinks cost $7.00. Exec 2: Nice. What do we call it? E1: Lol, ""amusement park.""
In a furious argument, the wife tells her husband... - I should have married the devil instead of you! - Well, that's impossible. Marriage between cousins is forbidden!
Why did the chicken cross the park? To get to the other slide...
Jokes about unemployed people aren't funny they just don't work.
How do generals show their gratitude to their troops? They give tanks.
""If you don't let the Jews go, I will find you. I will kill you."" Liam Neeson returns in... TAKEN 3: SCHINDLER'S PISSED (Summer 2015)
When people say ""I'm not getting any younger!"" I wonder what other basic life concepts they just learned.
What's your favorite medical joke? I've memorized a lot of jokes from a previous ""doctor joke"" thread, and need some fresh material!
Does the employee manual say I CAN'T set up my camping tent inside my cubicle? No? Then please step outside & zip the door up behind you.
Anybody ever get paid to smuggle drugs in their butt? ... Cause it sounds like a dope ass job.
Figured out how to make my dick 1mm Fold it in half
How do you tell the difference between an East Indian Chef and a porn star? Ask them to pronounce the word cumin.
Why would Donald Trump want to lose the election? Winning means he'd need to live in a smaller house in a black neighborhood
What's the difference between a Trump voter and a polar bear? One is a fat, white, mindless killing machine with no conscience or future, and the other is a bear.
My doctor told me if I was 5"" taller I'd be at the ideal weight, so I'm going to try and give that a shot.
So I bought a nihilistic pencil It's pointless.
Why do humans mainly use the decimal number system? It's just what we tend to do
It's ironic that most people don't understand irony
What do you get when eating toast in bed? Un-crumb-fortable
If you add 'ish' on the end of the time, you're not really late.
Why does OSHA hate porn? It's nsfw
Why are teenage girls so odd? Because they can't even.
the average Russian day When you ask a Russian how his day is going. ""It is an average day today: not as good as yesterday, but better than tomorrow.""
I wish I had the confidence in humanity that Guinness had when they bought a 9,000 year lease.
How do you stop a baby from crawling in a circle? Nail it's other hand to the floor.
Daughter announced there will be rain for Thanksgiving. We usually have turkey but with her cooking skills rain will taste better.
Museum Administrator: That's a 500-year-old statue you've broken!! Sardar: Thank God! I thought it was a new one!
Ever wonder why tiny little paper cuts hurt so bad? Cause you're a pussy
""Why does that guy always get all the women?"" ""I don't know...he isn't very handsome or rich"" ""And he's a terrible conversationalist - all he does is sit there licking his eyebrows""
My cat jumped off me unexpectedly, so I get it, Europe. I get it.
What does an air conditioner have in common with a computer? They both lose efficiency as soon as you open windows.
The American healthcare system .
Helen Keller walks into a bar... ... then a chair and then a table.
What's the generic name for Viagra? Mycoxafloppin.
Whats the hardest part about roller skating Telling your parents you are gay
One month of nofap here i pun! *Cum
What is a Mexican's favorite bookstore? Borders
I had a converstation with my employer, who recently purchased a new car, today. I said, ""nice car!"", he replied, ""I'm sure you said that yesterday..."".
What should you do if you see your ex-husband rolling around in pain on the ground? Shoot him again.
I have an old resolution 640x480
Wanna hear a joke about sodium? Na
Heard of the man who banged an ATM? He came into a lot of money
Starbucks and Hooters should merge. Can you imagine ordering a Double D Latte? Everything you need in a cup or two.
Alcohol is like liquid Photoshop for real life.
I rode a taxi It was fake
I'm more likely to wear a donut on my wrist than any fitness tracker.
""Daddy, are vampires real?"" ""No, sweetie. Go back to bed."" *waits until daughter is asleep* *grabs red Sharpie* *draws 2 dots on her neck*
Like a flat tire.......how I'm rolling this morning.
I never date girls from china... That's a big red flag.
When I see 18 wheelers carrying something covered with a tarp, I just assume that it's an injured Transformer.
Everytime I pull a prank on Niagara She falls for it
What do kazoos and my father have in common? They were both around for a short time in the '90s only to be unheard of from then on.
I ordered a chicken and egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
I'd tell you the joke about the pirate But I don't think its arrrrrrpropriate.
What's a russian's favorite golf club? A putin wedge.
My dad was fired from his job in road work for theft... I didn't believe it at first. But when I got home, all the signs were there.
Rudolph is the only reindeer who doesn't have a stripper name.
I've been out of work for so long that I've almost forgotten how to hate people.
Have you been to /r/brucejennerspenis? I heard it was removed.
HR: Know why we called you down? Me: Hmm...a raise? HR: You know we monitor internet usage right? Me: I'd like to report a hacking!
Why don't Jews eat pussy? It's too close to the gas chamber
A young boy died after having sex with his teacher... His friends high fived him to death. Zak galifinakorishdjignko
I thought time away from my phone would be good, but then I thought of a tweet & had to write it on a Post-it note like some fucking savage.
What's black and doesn't work? A broken TV.............. racist.
What does marriage have in common with a deck of cards? In the beginning, you only need two hearts and a diamond. Later on, a club and a spade.
What's the cheapest form of birth control? Casey Anthony
Taco Bell doesn't have a playground because its hard to have fun when you might shit your pants
Did you hear about that guy who got the entire left side of his body cut off? Yeah but he is all right now
DON'T TOUCH ME! AND YOU'RE BREATHING WRONG! STOP IT! -wives, on their period Or if they're hungry. Or if you are actually breathing wrong.
Load your plate up high, then take it to the kitchen, toss it all in the blender, and take your ""shake"" back to the table. Announce that it's the new Thanksgiving Weight Loss Shake
Camping as a couple is stressful... ...it's two in tents.
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb? YOU WOULDN'T KNOW!!! YOU WEREN'T THERE!
It's all fun and games until HR sends an email with ""Your Twitter Account"" in the subject line.
my 10 year high school reunion is in August which means I have 2 months to lose 40 pounds and get engaged to Michael Cera
I love how girls say that they like a guy with a sense of humour and yet you'll never find a poster of Mr Bean on their wall.
Does anyone have the address for starving kids in Africa? Our daughter doesn't want her waffle fries.
Bakers trade bread recipes... on a knead-to-know basis.
[court] ME: Between 10 & 11 p.m. I was having sex JUDGE: Who are you? You're not even in this trial M: I know, I just want it on record
What do you call someone who pretends to work in a victorias secret? A panty-mime
[HR office] HR: you know why you're here, right? Me: HR: you can't ""contract"" Down's Syndrome & you can't call in sick with it
Closed letter to the mods of r/Jokes... O
My Grandma said I have the voice for the radio... And the face for it too.
My tombstone will just say ""Deactivated."" I want people to be afraid that I could come back.
Toad was always my favorite Mario character He just seems like a fungi.
I was once slapped in the face by a girl with twelve nipples... (.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.) Sounds weird, dozen tit?
My boss asked me to pick him something cheap up to eat for lunch he wasn't too happy when I came back with his daughter.
Why does it suck to work for the NSA during the winter? Because if it snows, you can't call and say you're snowed in.
[First Date] Me: ""I'm sorry. It's just that I've been burned before."" *Stuffs handful of fries through visor in hazmat suit *Closes visor
What do you call a Mexican knockoff burger restaurant? Carlos Jr.
How many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb? I don't know probably more than eight, my basement is still dark.
There are now 4 sides to every story. Yours, mine, the truth & the Internets version.
You were probably conceived at home... they say most accidents happen around the household.
Romantic comedies are just horror movies where people only die on the inside. Also, my wife doesn't let me pick movies for date night.
KNOCK KNOCK... Who's there? Kicks! Kicks who? Kicks Ronda Rousey for the Knock out!
What do you give an actor playing the role of an angry street gang member? Mad props...
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with another plane. At least they know where this one is.
What do you call a homosexual man on roller skates? Rolaids.
We gave our children old-fashioned names... Our little boy is Hunter and our little girl is Gatherer. - Brian Kiley
All my life, I never thought I'd wake up at 6am to go jogging...and I was right.
I went to the barbers today. My wife sent me a text that said we had a pipe leaking. I told the barber we're going to have to cut this short. I walked out with a buzz cut.
So I told my wife I ate a bunch of pineapple today 
how do you know when your sister is on her period? your dads cock tastes like blood.
My favorite palindromes I've come across are tit and boob.
I was searching for the end of the line. I tap a guy on the shoulder and ask, ""excuse me sir, are you the last person in line?"" Dude turns around, looks at me funny and goes, ""no, you are.""
ME:[defending myself] Oh yeah?? Well I got 5 words for you buddy: please be nice to me
Don't vaccinate your children! Let a trained medical professional do it!
Why haven't they installed a mirror on cars that only covers your blind spot?
Good morning class, science is our lesson for today. Teacher: What is science? Student: Me Ma'am! Me! Teacher: Ok Pedro! What is science? Student: science is our Lesson for today.
Bruno Mars is the best levitating vegetable magician I've ever seen. He can do 24 Carrot Magic in the Air
In America, someone is shot every 15 seconds. How is that person still alive?
Celebrities are so rich because they save money every time they attend a movie premiere for free.
Why do white girls always travel in odd numbers? They can't even
Why are cars in Russia so slow? Because they are always stalin.
Q: What do modern artists eat for breakfast? A: Surreal.
I like my slaves like I like my coffee Strong and black
I like my hookers like I like my treasure... Buried.
[First Date] ME: I prepared some questions to get to know you HER: Ok! ME: What's the capital of Honduras? HER: um... ME:[writing] bad at geo-
I gave my wife my email address but she keeps on speaking directly to me.
A short joke for mobile users [.](http://i.imgur.com/7g4htym.jpg)
Half of Chinese men have cataracts... The other half drive Lincolns.
A jumper cable walks into a bar... The bartender says, ""I'll serve you, but you better not start anything!""
Why would Ellen Pao not do her own AMA? General Pao's chicken.
What's Mike Tyson's favorite Scarlett Johansson film? Luthy.
I like my women the way I like my coffee in a basket being touched by many Colombian men.
Take a chill pill? I had a friend overdose on chill pills you insensitive prick!
The internet is amazing in its ability to speed up communication, for instance it used to take years to realize you hated your friends.
My clearest memory of high school is my friend asking me if I brought gym clothes and me asking, ""Who the fuck is Jim?""
Do you know why Cannibals don't eat divorced women? Because they're bitter.
What is Reagan's favorite vegetable? Jim Brady
I learned most of what I know about dropping pianos on people from cartoons.
What do you call a girl that raps about women rights? Feminem.
what do you call it when you donate a vagina to charity? good will cunting
ARUGULA is my favorite vegetable whose name sounds like a car horn from the 50's.
The person you're eating with can't wait for you to go to the bathroom so they can check their phone.
Q: What does an apple and an apple tree have in common? A: They both don't drive tractors.
Where were the first French fries made? ...in grease
If you're a guy who just had sex, what do you have? Happenis
Your pants are so tight... ...you can't even get a leg up on the situation!
What do performing bears at the circus get for lunch? 30 minutes.
What did the Chemist have with his Eggs? Barium, Cobalt and Nitrogen.
Knock Knock...
When it comes to gun control, the first thing that should be banned are tee shirt cannons.
[Spelling Bee] Your word is palindrome ""Can you use it in a sentence?"" Go hang a salami I'm a lasagna hog.
Egg puns... ...are cracking!
I like my women like I like my coffee. I look at coffee but I am afraid to talk to it
How many Redditors does it take to tell a joke? Two. One to think of it, and another to repost it a day later.
A motorist was pulled over by a traffic cop. ""Excuse me, sir" said the cop. ""Do you realize your wife fell out of the car two miles back?"" ""Thank God" he said. ""I thought I'd gone deaf!""
I wonder what made the first person that ate an oyster look at it and think 'Im gonna eat that.'
On the other hand, You have five fingers.
What's the best part about having a blind partner? You know they won't be seeing other people.
Black ice is just like regular ice... Except it's a better dancer...
[Interview] CEO: Why do you think you'd be a good fit at our firm? GUY WHOSE DESCRIPTION IS SO LONG HE DOESN'T ACTUALLY GET TO SAY ANYTHING:
Overheard at work: ""that is music to my ears"". Where else would the music go smartypants?
What's the difference between a crab with a boob job and a dirty bus station? One's a busty crustacean and the other's a crusty bus station.
Actually, there are but two types of people Those who can extrapolate from limited data ...
I hate meeting new people. It's like sitting through a fucking job interview to apply for the position of ""acquaintance.""
I'm told that if you eat pineapple or carrots in excess, your come will taste like that food... Is this why my Japanese girlfriend's pussy tastes like raw fish?
my phone keeps capitalizing my lols like i'm some kind of suburban mom with highlights and bedazzled jeans.
Did you hear about the clever nun who got tricked? She was nun the wiser
Google introduced a new smartphone alarm that can wake users up on the subway so they don't miss their stop. As opposed to the alarm they use now: getting elbowed by the stranger they're drooling on.
Do you raise chickens? Because you raise my cock.
Q: Why did the bowlegged cowboy get fired?  A: Because he couldn't keep his calves together!
A priest, a pedophile, and a rapist walks into a bar He orders a beer
What do you call a person who makes a clever point during a discussion at another's expense? A Douche
Jesus and floppy discs are very similar They both died to become the image of saving
What did the blue denims say to the black denims? I guess we have different genes! *knee slap* ... I'll see myself to the door
If you loiter in a Tibetan spiritual leaders sandwich shop every day, then you dilly dally in the Dalai's deli daily.
How do you make a baby boy cry twice? Make him suck your bloody dick.
What does a cobra say to his friends after he kills a mongoose? ""I wasn't scared at all. Without you, I wouldn't even know what a quiver is.""
Q: What time do kids need naps? A: At whine o'clock.
The rain is starting to worry me. I'm afraid that because I have a beard that my friends will expect me to build an ark.
Why can't ears have sex? They could get hearing AIDS!
Almost all of the guys I drafted for my fantasy football team are football players which I think was a smart move
I'd always wondered why they didn't make pencils with erasers on either side Then I realised there wouldn't be any point.
It feels like every time I look at the time it's 9:11 I hope this doesn't get me on a watch list.
Why kill time when you can make it work for you?
""Will you spend the rest of my life with me?"" ""That depends. When are you going to die?""
What Does A Chinese Man Need When Taking his Dog Out? Oven mitts.
holy crap a guy actually gave me his number and i didn't know what to do so i panicked and sent him a picture of a dead bird?
They say Margaret is a raving beauty. You mean she's escaped from the funny farm?
why do they always say ""fight fire with fire"" in the movies and stuff? basic pokemon training renders that pretty ineffective
I went to the Zoo the other day, but all it had was one dog. It was a shitzu.
Isn't everyone gettin over racist jokes? Once you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal
Q: Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? A: Breasts don't have eyes.
I was playing the Witcher 3 and I realized It should be called the Bitcher, cause I slay more pussy than monsters. (   )
Art Teacher: your drawings are due tomorrow me: [hours later] maybe add in some grapes police sketch artist: ..a bowl of fruit attacked you?
(Waiter) ""What can I get you sir?"" (Gastronomist) ""Something with a simpler plot.""
A heads up to girls on Facebook .. if your status says ""single"" and your profile picture is you with your cat - Well then no fucking shit
Why is Hillary Clinton just like a man? Because she won't pull out until she's done.
Someone came to my door today asking for donations to the local swimming pool So I gave them a glass of water
According to movie trailers, 98% of white kids are possessed by the devil.
A racist, a womanizer, and a rapist walked into a bar... ...the bartender says ""how may I help you, Mr. President?""
A hearse passed me on the highway going over 100 mph... Some body was in a rush.
One great thing about a cartoon avi is that I could be anything. I could be a 90-yo man. I could be a baby. HOW DO YOU KNOW I'M NOT A BABY!
That awkward moment when ur mom doesn't know the words to a song so she screams ""HAIL SATAN"" & explodes
Why can't they teach drivers ed on the same day as sex ed in Egypt? Wears out the camel.
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb? THE LIGHTBULB IS FINE. THERE IS NO PROBLEM WITH IT. I MADE LIGHTBULBS WITH GOOD MANAGEMENT. LET'S MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Why did the console peasant cross the road ? To render buildings on the other side
What is Tom Hanks' wireless password? 1forrest1
What do you call a lizard with sex problems? Ereptile Dysfunction
Me: ""There are so many exotic sounding flavours these days. I just can't resist-"" Doctor: ""YOU NEED TO STOP DRINKING SHAMPOO!""
Tip of the day: When there's a will...find a way to be in it!
What did the lightbulb say to its mother? I wuv you watts and watts.
This girl I like said she didn't like bondage..... ....Me either, but you're the one who said No.
You read for a part, you feel good about it, you feel confident, then they cast Ben Affleck.
Why is F-time so much fun? Because F-time is Part-E time.
Why did the redditor stand on a piece of fruit to check his weight? BECAUSE HE WAS USING A BANANA FOR SCALE
Honked & did thumbs-up to teen goth girl on the street I thought looked super cool & she rolled her eyes & I was like YES EXACTLY KEEP AT IT
If this post on WebMD is correct, I died like ten years ago.
A man walks into a tailor to buy a tuxedo. He confidently tells the tailor he doesn't need any assistance. The tailor says... ... ""Fine. Suit yourself.""
A kid came to my door earlier dressed like a mime, so I pretended to put candy in his basket.
My goal for 2017.... ....is to accomplish the goals of 2016 which I should have done in 2015 because I made a promise in 2014 and planned in 2013
[warning racist] wanna hear a dark joke? africas population
 Cause the players gonna play play play The haters gonna hate hate hate Baby Im just gonna bottle it all up & develop severe trust issues 
Who serves all you can eat rabbit stew? Warren Buffet!
I love this joke today Knock, knock. ""Who's there?"" 9/11 ""9/11 who?"" You said you would never forget! Sorry if this has been posted recently.. Could be too soon?
My door to door VHS sales are taking a nose dive because of the economy.
Now I ain't saying she's a gold digger But she did move to California in 1849...
I tried to go into a restaurant playing Pokemon go. I couldn't get in though. The servers were too busy.
Husband: Have you lost weight? Me: About 10 lbs H: Who you trying to look good for? *wink M: You don't know him. He's on Twitter...
Two fish swim into a wall One looks at the other and says *""Dam!""* #oldbutgold
What did the dyslexic bank robber say when he robbed the bank? ""Air in the hands motherstickers! This is a fuck up!""
Preventing childhood obesity... It's as easy as taking candy from a baby.
*bangs gavel* wife: who???
What do you call an elephant in a phone booth? Stuck
New Year's is just a holiday created by calendar companies who don't want you reusing last year's calendar.
What do you call the Japanese demon of spices? The Pepper Oni.
I would post a Casey Anthony joke... But my mom would kill me.
What's the difference between Australia and Yogurt? Culture
I think some drugs should be legalized... but cocaine is where I draw the line.
Why was the horse farmer arrested? He was raising a colt.
What's pink and wrinked and hangs out my Y-fronts? My mum.
What's gray squeaky and hangs around in  caves ? Stalagmice !
Everyone's gynecologist uses the term battle damage,' right?
A terrorist posts on reddit. His post blows up. He meets 72 virgins. His day could not be better.
NSFW) Name your James Bond Porno...Go! From Russia With Glove:No Glove = No Love
Mexican and Black Jokes are ALL the same... Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.
Have you heard about the masochist who likes taking a cold shower every morning? So he has a hot one instead.
Have you seen 'Wears My Penis? Ooops, typo. Have you seen where my pen is?
How does one turn a fox into a pig?.. ...Marry her.
Dad I spotted a Dalmatian! No need to it already has its own spots!
*wakes up at the crack of Dawn* *instantly regrets drunk dialing Dawn last night*
Knock Knock Who's there ! Brother ! Brother who ? Brother-ation I've forgotten your name !
Your chances in Vegas are better than you think. 1 out of 5 times you'll get an std.
Why was the shower crying It was being used.
[Captain America, minutes after the love of his life's funeral] Damn her niece is hot
What do you get if you mix a rhetorical question and a joke?
Have you heard the Eric Garner joke? It's so funny I can't breathe Edit: Woah gold, thank you kind stranger :D
The animals that like to be pet are the ones that feel the best to touch how dope is that
Two fish are in a tank... The first fish says to the second fish, ""How do we drive this thing?""
why do JEWS have big noses ? air is free
If you're unsure if you're pregnant or not that's called a maby
[prison riot] *standing over my origami ducks* ""GO AROUND! GO AROUND!""
What do you call the reindeer with one eye higher than the other? Isaiah!
curious new Snapchat filter shows exact date and time of your death but refuses to be sent. then you notice: the time says five minutes ago.
Tight pants are like a cheap hotel... No ball room
How did the Germans conquer Poland so fast? They marched in backwards and the Polish thought they were leaving
I got a job at the circus circumcising baby elephants. It pays peanuts, but the tips are huge.
There are 11 types of people in this world.. a) those that understand Roman numerals. b) those that don't understand Roman numerals.
A woman walks into a bar with a duck under her arm Nice pig says the bartender. It's a duck she says. I was talking to the duck says the bartender.
An apple a day... Keeps the non-binary away
KIM KARDASHIAN: Elane you GOTA see the BABY ELANE: I follow you on instagram. Im gona see it
What's the best thing about turning 65? No more calls from insurance salesmen.
I like mixing laxatives and nitrous oxide on a regular basis, but it's OK... ...I only do it for shits and giggles.
How many Dragon Ball characters does it take to screw in a light bulb? Just 1, but It'll take 7 episodes for him to do it.
""Babe, is it in?"" *""Yea.""* **""Does it hurt?""** *""Uh huh.""* **""Let me put it in slowly.""** *""It still hurts.""* **""Okay, let's try another shoe size.""**
Seriously considering telling the CDC I have Ebola, so they'll clean my house.
Why'd you order the Fish n' Chips? For the Halibut.
Friend: ""Hey, that girl is cute. Can you put in a good word for me?"" Me: ""Sure"" *walks up to girl* *whispers* ""magnanimous""
What do you call one white guy surrounded by 10 black guys? Coach. What do you call one white guy surrounded by 100 black guys? Warden.
What do you get when you cross Christmas and a Duck? A Christmas-Quacker!
Someone just caught me picking my nose at a stop light. Had to just cut my losses and run the red light.
What do you call a bird with big boobs? A para-teet.
The most romantic movie of all time is definitely Pixar's UP. That old man really loved his house.
Being rich is like being pregnant Everyone is happy for you, but no one asks how many times you were screwed to get there.
The hardest part of being a congressman must be pretending to actually like the people where you're from.
Why did the blonde have a sore belly-button? Because she had a blond boyfriend.
What is the difference between Coors beer and a ... clitoris? A clitoris only tastes like piss for a second.
No Olympian will ever be better at medaling than the gang on Scooby Doo.
Q: What's a little quicker than a shark? A: The Little Mermaid on her period.
Breaking News: Video has been arrested today & charged with the 1st degree murder of Radio Star.
I don't watch soccer... If I wanted to watch somebody struggle to score for 90 minutes, I would take my friends to the bar.
Her: Are you even capable of love? Me: I'm pretty sure I love pancakes.
What is created when you rub two oranges together? Pulp Friction
""will you be paying with cash or credit?"" ""Cash"" *start playing ""ring of fire"" on my kazoo *gets tackled by security*
Spell ""attic"" without laughing out loud
I too was once a male trapped in a female body... But then my mother gave birth.
Any fountain can be a Fountain of Youth if filled with champagne and you've had 5 glasses.
Why did man invent curling? To convince women sweeping was a sport.
What's the difference between black people and cancer? Cancer got Jobs.
How do you seduce a fat woman? PIece of cake.
What is the similarity between a projector and an ugly prostitute? Both work better with the lights off.
Why do lesbians shop at Dunham's? Because they don't like Dick's.
Play on Words I really want to come up with a play on words but I don't know how it will do in front of an audience.
What do you call it when someone resuscitates a person who chokes on alcohol? La chaim-lich maneuver.
As a cop, I don't know how to deal with black people... But I guess I'll take a shot at it.
I bet Ryan Gosling doesn't even blow his candles out. He probably just winks at them and they faint.
*checking out of Hotel California* You can check-out any time you like ""Okay yes, now"" But you can never leave! ""Ugh where's your manager""
What did Mozart say to the police clerk? ""I'll be Bach"" hahaha. What do you mean they're different people
Black humour is like children with cancer.. ..it never gets old
Good Girls &amp
What's grey and can't fly? A parking lot.
My friend said I didn't understand irony... Which is ironic because we were standing in a bus stop at the time.
What is long and hard that women don't have compulsorily? The military service.
What do you call a gay drive-by? A fruit roll up.
Have you heard about the new restaurant on the moon? I hear the food is good but there's no atmosphere.
""Game of Thrones"" author George R. R. Martin joined Twitter this week. He already has 80,000 followers  and that's just the cast of ""Game of Thrones.""
Why is the leaning tower of Pisa in Italy? It's Italicized
So ... Helium walks into a bar Helium walks into a bar. The bartender says: ""We don't serve noble gasses here."" Helium doesn't react.
My new girlfriend really takes my breath away.... She's inflatable.
*Mary Poppins voice* Ok, children! Time to go! [15 min later] *Batman voice* I said let's go.
Why did the owl owl ? Because the woodpecker would peck 'er !
Comedy legend Joan Rivers passed away. Hundreds of plastic surgeons mourn the loss of their jobs.
How to Skrillex sign his Valentine's Day cards? I wub wub wub you....
did you fall from heaven because your face is all screwed up
I bought my friend an elephant for their room. They said thank you. I said don't mention it.
My new years resolution is the same as last year. 1920x1080
So which Gate works at the army? Col.Gate I'll leave now.
Congratulations are in order. I just got the stitches in the roof of my mouth removed from that bowl of Cap'n Crunch I had when I was 13.
Remember, Christmas isn't about how big your tree is, or what's under it. It's about who's around it.
How do you catch a bear? 1. Dig a big hole 2. Fill the hole with ash 3. Place peas all around the hole 4. Finally, when the bear stops to take a pea you kick it in the ash-hole
What's enormous, gray, and unimportant? Irrelephant.
If I'm in a public bathroom and someone else in that same bathroom is on the phone and states that they are ANYWHERE ELSE, I flush my toilet
What kind of bees make milk? Boo-bees
I saw Lenin pick his nose the other day... Communists have no class...
I got invited to a block party recently. I show up, blocks EVERYWHERE.
I lost fifty pounds in two weeks by lying!
What do you call an Asian with a big... NSFW Butt hole? Gay ping!
A Texas sheriff found a black man who was shot 12 times. He said it was the worst case of suicide he'd ever seen.
I try to live each day like it's my last, which is why I rarely have clean socks. Who wants to wash socks on the last day of their life?
What's the difference between a snitch whose been caught and a free-spirited orphan with an Oedipus complex? One's a dead-ass motherfucker. The other's a dead mother ass-fucker.
BEST vine with nigga - chocolate milk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JZfR4PwIbs
Why didn't 2x befriend x^2 ? He had trouble integrating
I, for one... is a roman numeral.
I'm taking up cross-stitch so I can make handmade gifts for all the girls in my life Cause bitches get stitches. (though I won't have as many once this stupid joke gets out.)
The quickest way to find out the time is to order a beer at breakfast with your mother.
[raises hand during kickboxing lesson] when do we get to kick boxes? [instructor] that's not what we- [me] I just hate boxes so damn much
Two aerials (antennas) meet on a roof - fall in love - get married. The ceremony was rubbish - but the reception was brilliant.
No point I'll go straight to the point, this all sentence is pointless
Where do stoners keep their money? In a joint account
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They smile and call you something even more offensive.
I'v been catfishing my best friend Dave for the last 3 weeks. He's gunna pay me that $50 he owes me or I'm showing these emails to his wife.
If a fly has no wings would you call him a walk?
Emails So I had to stop redirecting my emails to the girls in my class. They said I was being too forward.
Chuck Norris likes his ice like he likes his skulls: crushed.
Going to a baby shower and I'm real nervous, do they just kind of pour down on you? If you catch one do you have to keep it?
One problem I had with Catholicism as a child was... all the sexy priests.
Out of all my body parts, my eyes are in the best shape... I roll them at least 489 times a day.
People ask if I saw any 'Red Flags'... Well, I was an anarcho-capitalist and she was a Hoxhaist...
My girlfriend says I can't visualise things I can't imagine why.
What's the best remedy for a sex starved drug addict? A jack and coke.
Neighbor asked me over for coffee and said 'make yourself comfortable', so I did, I went home.
I know I've had enough to drink when I suddenly know everyone's middle name and it's ""Motherfucking.""
My work ethic could best be described as ""procrastinate as much as possible then frantically scream OH FUCK right before the deadline.""
Why are frogs happy? Because they eat what bugs them.. Source: 3rd grader told me this joke..
""It's beautiful today. Let's work outside."" *5 mins later* ""This was a terrible idea."" *more bees disrupt the open heart surgery*
Where does Justin Timberlake go swimming when he's in the Ukraine? The Crimea River
You know why /r/jokes doesn't allow pictures? thatsthejoke.jpg
I think I will start calling my wife ""My Customer"" since she is always right...
When the devil buys your soul he makes you sign a contract because even though he is pure evil he has an unshakable respect for tort law.
What did Sean Connery do when he saw a guy drowning? he started undressing and yelled 'I will shave you'
Cars Why do lazy people only drive automatics? Because they're shiftless.
I keep getting told I'm a terrible mailman.. Oops I've posted this in the wrong place
My kids are asking to be fed and cared for and stuff. This parenting thing is bullshit.
Teacher Johnny: Use the word HARASSMENT in a Sentence... Johnny: I was in Love with a girl and.. Her-ass-meant a lot to me
Obesity it's a disease People in America say obesity is a disease. The only thing diseases and obese people have in common is they are both really easy to catch.
I shaved my legs and now my socks keep falling down. Life is hard.
If I've learned one thing from twitter, it's how to get a ton of work done in an hour after wasting 80% of my day tweeting.
Why is Christopher Walken so tired? Because at night, he's always sleepwalken
Programmers tend to byte their food
Yo mama so fat when she went to Walmart, she tripped on Walgreens, and landed right on target
When the cashier asks, ""Paper or plastic"", I say, ""Plastic"", then use the bag to suffocate a bird in the parking lot while staring him down.
*speaks at high school graduation* Your 12 year free trial has expired. To continue your education please submit your credit card info.
So far my toddler's most impressive defense mechanism is pooping his pants every time anyone rings our doorbell.
Told my mom I hit 1200 Twitter followers. She pointed out how my brother owns a house and I'm wanted by several collection agencies. Oh ma!
Never underestimate the power of a woman's INTUITION. Some women can recognize game before you even play it.
There are two types of friends: Those that keep your car clean And Julian FUCKING JULIAN
I tried to set our Computers Password to ""MyDick"" But was disappointed when it said ""Error: Not Long Enough""
my last girlfriend broke up wth me after she went through my phone and i refused to tell her why i searched for goth grandpas
What's a pirate's favorite letter? The P. If the P was taken away, he would be irate
The Galactic Empire, after the destruction of the Death Star, has taken to bowling during the interim. The Empire Strikes Back, they call it.
How do you make a Venetian blind? Poke him in the eye
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
Note to self: 1) Your memory sucks. 2) Write note to self.
Why isnt Hitler invited to any BBQs? Cuhs he burns all the franks! Friend told me this, so im sorry if this has already been posted.
There are no absolutes in this world. Except vodka.
Hey geese crossing the road, u can fly.
So I saw that Princess Diana is trending on tumblr. She's all over the dashboard!
Thought of this joke a few years ago and thought id share it with you beautiful people Why cant bulimics be pitchers in baseball? Because they always throw up
What's the difference between pussy and mashed potatoes Mashed potatoes don't make their own gravy
It was when I stabbed a Capri Sun perfectly the first time, right in that grey circle, that I knew I wanted to be an assassin.
Piers Morgan has taken a very strong stance against guns, and who can blame him? If you had a gun, you'd shoot him too.
If an object falls at 500ft/s how far must Mohammed run to escape the blast?
What kind of farm has lots of books but no livestock? Barns and no-bulls. (This joke was made up by my 7 year-old cousin.)
My son will never know the thrill of illegally downloading Thong Song on napster and waiting 1h39m for it to download
How many potatos do you need to kill an Irishman? None.
Its stupid of Apple to include Health apps with their products... ...Everybody knows that people with one Kidney are not supposed to run.
We never knew he was always drunk... ...until he showed up to work sober.
Did you hear about the Woodstock Killer? He was charged for murder within tents.
When my kids are bad I take them out to the woodshed and tell them a bunch of boring stories about the people at my work
so I painted my computer black the other day... I thought it would run faster. Turns out it stopped working.
It's hunting season and fox like you shouldnt be out in the open!
What is the difference between a 5 and a 2? 3.
[Commercial] *Camera focuses on a man choking on a whole apple* Narrator: ""If only there was a better way?"" [On Screen Caption] TEETH
Mommy mommy what happened to all your scabs ...[NSFL] Shut up and eat your corn flakes!
A roman walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says, ""Five beers, please.""
My girlfriend is in Mexico for vacation and if she has a Juan night stand while she's down there, her and I are totally done.
During sex, my girlfriend always wants to talk to me. Just the other night she called me from a hotel.
I was suffering from constipation the other day but I really didn't care In fact, I didn't even give a shit.
What do you give the guy who has everything? Penicillin
Bring an urn speed dating. Whenever a prospective match asks a question, whisper to urn, ""I don't know, Mom: should I tell him?""
Sorry if you already know this one A Hipster, a vegan and a feminist walk into a bar... How do I know? They have already told everybody about 6 times in 5 minutes
Do you have neighbors?.. Do you have extension cords?..... Are you paying too much for electricity?
You people remind me of lemons.... You're sour, some people like you, and your juices can be squeezed out for money.
A guy walks into a bar ""Ow" he says.
I think 90% of the software on my computer doesn't do anything except send me notices that there's a new version of itself.
Me: *crawls in window* Him: What are you doing?! Me: You're my boyfriend now? Him: I'm calling the cops Me: But you retweeted me??
What's the difference between Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump? Reagan helped tear down a wall.
I like my slave like I like my frees Coffee.
TEIAM - problem solved fuckers
And the Oscar goes to.................................... Court for killing his girlfriend.
Judge: Guilty Me: Sayyoudidwhat. Judge: What did you say? Me: Judge? Did you just reverse my sentence? *Stage dives into cheering jury*
Murderer: IM GOING TO STRANGLE YOU Me: wow your hands are so soft Murderer: omg really Me: [caresses his hands] what moisturizer do you use
Why is it hard for Chihuahuas to type on a keyboard? They're all paws.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because it looks like you landed on your face.
I was pleased with the first day of The World Cup, and even more pleased that it didn't turn into ""2 Girls, 1 World Cup"" as I had feared.
What do you call someone who points out the obvious? Someone who points out the obvious
A Priest a Rabbi and a Nun walk into a bar The bartender looks up and says, ""What is this some kind of joke?""
What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you pick up anything with that?
Which is more stable, a hamburger or a steak? Hamburger, it's in the ground state.
I was really ticked at my woman tonight, so I stapled her fun bags together. If ya can't lick 'em, join 'em.
on fire The chief of the fire department walks into the room where the other firemen wait and says: ""Take it easy boys, the Tax Office is on fire.""
I got a haircut recently. I thought it was too short at first, but it's started to grow on me.
There's nothing worse than when you tell someone it's a long story and they reply with ""I have time.""
My son wants a bb gun for Christmas I told him I'l give it my best shot
I don't understand hair It's just over my head.
I'm so old... ...my organs are harpsichords.
What do you call Halloween for feminists? Triggertreat
I dropped my electric toothbrush in the garbage disposal and accidentally co-produced a Skrillex album.
What's the difference between a stripper and a hooker? Usually about $40
I'm at the wailing wall, standing there like a moron, with my harpoon. -Emo Philips
What's the difference between a Therapist and The Rapist? Just a little space
Just bought a thesaurus at the store and brought it home to find out the pages are all blank. I have no words to describe how angry I am.
I told a joke to my Jewish friends about kosher food, but they didn't like it at all... they said it was too ham-fisted.
Me: Alexa, did you hear what Siri just said about you?! Alexa: Hold my beer!!!
LGBT Girl Scout Leader Arrested She was thrown in jail for eating Brownies.
The best things in life are free. Who let them out?! I PAID GOOD MONEY TO IMPRISON THEM
My ex and I broke up because she said she couldn't be with someone who wanted her to change. I just wanted her to stop sleeping with my friends.
At my funeral, I want a homie to adjust my junk one last time. I'm not gonna rest peacefully if my balls are pinched between my legs.
What kind of book did Frankenstein's monster like to read? One with a cemetery plot.
My mother always told me never to listen to Rumours. Consequently my copy of Tusk is completely worn out.
""A smile is like tight underwear...it makes your cheeks go up.
I went to the zoo today but when I arrived, there was only a dog there It was a shitzu
My doctor told me not to lift anything heavy for a few weeks. So I have to sit when I pee now.
My grandpa would always tell me ""You're my favorite granddaughter"" I was his only granddaughter.
A line for cops who pull over attractive drunk models If I could put you in the alphabet, I would go D U I and that's why I'm a writer, I look forward to your hatred of bad jokes
What country uses the most foul language? Turkey
My doctor told me that I have to stop masturbating! Because otherwise he can't do his medical examination.
My girlfriend and i are quite similar They're both imaginary
I don't ever have to worry about getting sex... Because I'm married, so I already know I won't. Takes all the guesswork right out of it.
What do naked fish play with ?  Bare-a-cudas !
A penis lives a hard life His neighbor's nuts, he lives accross from an asshole, his best friend's a pussy, everyone calls him a dick, and his owner beats him.
Right before our Grandpa died we covered his back in butter. He went downhill pretty quickly after that.
What's the difference between a dog and a marine biologist? One wags it's tail, while the other tags a whale
If nothing ever sticks to TEFLON how do they make TEFLON stick to the pan?
I just left my job... Me: I couldn't work for that man after what he said to me. Friend: What did he say? Me: ""You're fired"".
A magician was driving down the road when suddenly... He turned into a driveway!
I've never smoked weed before but the frequency with which I pass out, hand in a bag of snack chips, leads me to believe I'd be good at it.
What are a redneck's last two words before dying ? WATCH THIS !
Why did the clown go to the doctor? Because he was feeling a little funny. He had testicular cancer.
Yo mama so fat.. I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.
The phrase ""watching paint dry"" should be replaced with ""listening to people talk about brewing their own beer.""
Let's do them. What do you call a group that only wants a Ninja? Goad-diggers.
How does Professor Charles Xavier Apologise? He says ""Cerebro""
I'm not afraid that the world is going to end.... I'm afraid that it isn't going to change....
My corn tortillas want me to like them on Facebook. Fuck the future.
If I had a dollar for every time I think about you, I'd start thinking about you.
Here it is, folks: ""Do imaginary octopi have ... (wait for it) (wait for it) PRETENDACLES?""
If your gift says ""from Mom and Dad"" you just know Dad has absolutely no idea what's inside it.
What type of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers
My wife doesn't believe that auto correct changed ""Yes dear"" to ""Hell no I'm not picking your mother up from the airport at 1am.""
To the guy who named cotton candy: Yes! It looks just like it sounds. To the guy who named Milk Duds: What the hell is wrong with you?
A bar walks upto a bar... Hows that even possible
He whispered in my ear that he liked being called daddy. I whispered back that I liked being called a cab.
If you're nervous about speaking in public just imagine everyone holding a meatball sub. Even if you're not nervous picture it. It's amazing
""It doesn't matter what you look like on the outside"" ME: Oh thank god ""It's who you are on the inside"" ME: Dang
Fat people just want to get into your pantries.
I was in a good mood when suddenly twitter went down & I ran over a blind man, tasered a baby, killed a puppy & set myself on fire.
How do you say goodbye to a thousand Japanese people? A big wave
we call em houseplants like thats where they belong but its just where we put em thats like if u threw me in the sewer & called me sewer boy
A lot of people say I'm condescending... (That means I talk down to people)
My sons kidnappers: if u ever want to see your son alive, press 1. Para Espanol marque dos Me: ugh i just want to speak to a real person
Learning about frequency is so boring ... It literally Hertz.
4-year-old: Is there candy in that drawer? Me: No. 4: Can I check? Me: Do you have a warrant?
How did I sleep in college? I slept like a baby... I woke up every two hours to vomit, shit myself and cry myself back to sleep.
What does a bug say when it accidentally breaks its exoskeleton? You gotta be chitin me!
Whenever I conduct a job interview I ask the applicant to name their favorite Muppet, and no matter the answer I scowl and shake my head.
Cowboy:"" Give me three packs of condoms, please."" Cashier:"" Do you need a paper bag with that, sir?"" Cowboy: ""Nah...She's purty good lookin'....""
We're gathered here today to mourn the loss of Derek. His last words were ""Watch me try and keep my eyes open while sneezing!""
Smiling gives you wrinkles. Resting bitch face keeps you pretty.
My dad is my inspiration ...cause you never know when it's gonna hit you EDIT: missed a word
What's big, grey and makes you jump? The elephant of surprise. :)
My wife's cooking is so bad we usually pray after our food.
ME: Lord, what have I done to deserve this GOD: *unfurls a scroll that keeps going for miles* Well
I was watching some porn with a plot the other day It was pretty Fucking stupid
Many women say a guy who makes them laugh is all they want. They fail to mention all the things it takes to put them in the mood to laugh.
I used to be a narcissist But now look at me
You know what Popeye and Napoleon have in common? They both come on those little jugs of Olive Oil.
I asked my wife for sex recently... She said, ""No, it's a super moon, not a blue one"".
TIL A new study shows that women drivers often turn into good drivers So if you're a good driver, look out for women drivers.
He died doing what he loved, checking his mentions while driving.
Mothers are always one question from ruining your day.
What do you call a kid with no legs, no arms and an eyepatch? Names.
Always carry $100,000 cash on you at all times in case you ever feel like getting a sandwich from an airport.
How can working with cow hide act in your favor on a first date? As if she's going to lay there and be swayed by some new buck.
Traffic cop: Just blow into this for me sir. Man in car: But that's a balloon. Traffic cop: if you just cooperate sir, it'll soon be a dog.
""I need to find somewhere to park" I told my wife. ""What about over there?"" she said. ""I can't" I replied, ""It says between 1 and 9 only."" ""Well, why is that stopping you?"" ""I'm 23.""
All my party planning skills revolve around exit strategies.
Christmas is my favorite four months of the year.
What happened to the road? Depressions.
Fe Fi Fo Fum Rhyme scheme tweets are kinda dumb
I have awful jet lag The WiFi on this airliner is just terrible
I have been single so long, I can finish my own sentences.
Pancake in Spanish is panqueque, which translates back into English as *does raise the roof motion* bread whaaaat whaaaat
Homeless people wouldn't be half as poor if they didn't waste all of their money on sharpies and cardboard.
What was the first 3D printer? Your butthole! *** This joke is awesome because it was created by a third grader where I teach.
Her: I love that thing you do to make me moan. Me: *makes another plate of nachos*
If you just got invited to do something on New Year's Eve, it means someone else cancelled.
What did Melania Trump say after being stopped by an officer? License and registration, please.
I like my lovers like I like my golf score Hand drawn, messy, and totally unconvincing.
Are you afraid of quantum mechanics ? Dont worry, it's gonna be Feynman.
*on my deathbed* *groggy, dazed, & delirious* Me: I wonder if my TC ever really loved me? Wife: Honey, what's a TC? Me: *pulls plug*
Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair.
Vader: I AM your father. Luke: Why are you telling me this now? Vader: Luke: Vader: I need a kidney.
My mother always told me if you have nothing nice to say join 4chan
Hate it when people ask me what I will be doing five years from now Come on guys, I don't have 2020 vision
What is a trailer park's favorite game? Twister
I've heard that 1 in 3 people have a pedophile as a neighbour. But that can't be right because my neighbours are sexy 5 and 7 year olds.
""Dance like the photo's not being tagged, Love like you've never been unfriended, Status Update like nobody's following.""
Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair!
Why did the girl quit her job at the donut factory? She was fed up with the hole business.
Me: *describing criminal* Well he was kind of *muffled laughter* ""sketchy"". Police Sketch Artist: *sighs heavily* Get out.
So a proctologist is examining a patient. He pulls an anal thermometer out of his coat to make some notes. Looks at it and says ""Damnit some asshole has my pen!""
To Do List While in Jail 1. Ask someone for an Eskimo kiss and when they shake their head no say"Hey why'd you start without me?"" 2. 3.
A squirrel and an elephant are in the bathroom. The elephant in the tub says to the squirrel, we have no soap. The squirrel says... ""OH YEAH? NO SOAP RADIO!""
What do the Post Office and a shoe store have in common? Thousands of brown loafers
Why do physicists love going to church It's the center of mass
Apparently people keep mistaking me for their Mirrors because they keep saying I'm ugly or fat
How do Mr. and Mrs. Weasley have sex? gingerly.
[on the phone] wife: My mom tripped over the dog me: Is she ok? wife: Yeah me: Can I talk to her? wife: Sure *calls for the dog*
Chuck Norris has a deep and abiding respect for human life...... unless it gets in his way.
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile? Fitting in.
What do you call an ant who can't play the piano ? Discordant !
What did the traffic light say to the car? Don't look at me I'm changing.
I started microfinancing my money to get better savings. It just made a lot of cents to me.
*wakes up early* *goes for morning jog* *calls wife to pick him up because he's made a terrible mistake*
Me: I'd kill for a body like that Them: well by monitoring your calorie intake and daily exercise you c- Me: yeah I'd rather kill
What does a lesbian couple do for fun while they're having their periods? Fingerpaint!
I accepted the Microsoft terms and conditions without reading them, and apparently I'm now responsible for hemming all of Bill Gates' pants.
Why couldn't the stoner simplify his binomials in front of the class? Because a watched pothead never FOILS.
Watching my son's soccer game in the cold and rain cuz I'm a good Mom. From my heated car cuz I'm not a total idiot.
Hey bro do you remember your first blowjob? How did it taste?
What does a rock put on when it stinks? Geodorant.
What runs, but never sprints? Inherited obesity
Did you hear about the old Italian chef? He pasta way
I can't wait to see the phrase ""He was the longest living member of the Baha Men"" in an obituary
What did the french chef give his wife on Valentine's day? A hug and a little quiche.
Me: Excuse me, where's the rowing boat equipment? Employee: Keep going down there, Oar Aisle. Me: ... Employee: ... Me: Or you'll what?
I lost my virginity to a retarded girl I wanted my first night to be special.
My penis is 4 inches... ...but I find most girls don't like it that wide.
[job interview] ""So we'll call you & let you know. Do you have any questions?"" Yes, can you text me instead to let me know?
If you ever see on a road where a section of the dotted line is missing - There is no law there.
I witnessed a murder today... Though it may have just been a flock of jackdaws, I'm not a biologist.
I just totally misunderstood the meaning of 'Strip Mall' and could one of you guys send bail money?
Why can't americans play LoL? They can't guard their towers.
Travel Agent: Hello sir! Interested in a vacation? Me: *puts cat on the phone* [20 mins later] Travel Agent: I've got you booked for Maui
Isn't it so awkward when you misplace a Rolex? It's like, do I want to tell people that there's a free Rolex on the loose? Relatable, right?
what currency does the sun use? starbucks
""I take pride in my job. I transport the worlds most precious cargo"" -oh, u drive a school bus? ""LMAO Hell no! I'm a drug smuggler u nerd""
Why do cemeteries have fences? People are just dying to get in.
Do you ever start writing a status and half way through you're just like... nah
Q: Do you know about the book about copyright infringement? A: It had legal binding.
The quickest way to a woman's heart is with a scalpel, a bonesaw, a chest spreader, & ten cc's of nothing to lose.
I like my women like I like my wine. Twelve years old and locked in a cellar.
How do sheep in Mexico say Merry Christmas? Fleece Navidad!
Dust bunnies are great pets because they thrive on neglect.
What type of wife always knows where her husband is? A widow
What's the difference between Santa and a jew? Santa goes down the chimney, the Jews go up.
""Its not you. Its me."" ~ twins going through a photo album
Everybody wants to be wanted, except maybe fugitives.
""How long have you been chopping wood for?"" ""I'm not sure, I'll check the logs""
imagine getting a bj and the person's hair gets stuck in your chain wallet
So there were a lot of celebrities at the DNC including Alicia Keys and Katy Perry. Hillary was excited because they are on her iPod. Bill was excited because they were on his to-do list.
How did the Linux admin commit assault? He sudo bashed someone.
Q: Where would an eccentric beverage go if it wanted to watch married couples fight and read high quality humor columns? A: To the Drink Quirks Wed Fight.
What do you call a friendly Mancunian midwife? Ultra sound
There are 10 kinds of people in the world... Those who know binary and those who don't.
The doctor asked if I was sexual active. I shook my head and said ""Not in front of the wife"".
When 2 Chainz doesn't want to be recognized he just takes off one chain.
[soup kitchen] *homeless man is handed a plate* What the hell is this? -Turkey bacon. *throws tray against wall* I'm hungry! Not desperate!
Comcast opens an airline. The airplane only goes full speed to certain, partner airports and if the airplane flies further than expected, you're charged per mile.
It's Friday! I'm as happy as a newborn in a topless bar!
[showing my 4yo a Slinky] me: look, it's walking down the stairs kid: what else can it do me: literally nothing
My girl has been eating a lot of Mexican fast food and gaining tons of weight lately, but I'll never stop loving her She's my Taco Belle
Music star Kenny Rogers announced his retirement yesterday. In other news, Kenny Rogers is still alive, apparently.
A Meteorologist's best subject is small talk. They only talk about the weather.
I never wanna ""touch base"" with anyone, I type it in emails to sound business-y.
What did the coach say to his star player after he pissed his pants? Hey man urine
What did Princess Fiona call her husband when she found him in the middle of a gay orgy? Bishrekual
If I call you cupcake it's because I'm probably going to put my vanilla frosting on your forehead
Why were the elephants thrown out of the swimming pool ? Because they couldn't hold their trunks up !
Wtf neighbor I waved to you last week
Rain is just God listening to Bon Iver.
How do you help a woman going through menopause You hit menoplay
If I ever become a ghost, I sure hope they have some options other than pottery.
Past, Present, and Future walk into a bar. It was tense.
They're having a Jamaican hair-do day tomorrow at work. I'm dreading it.
""Nice legs"" *Swipes right* ""Nice legs"" *Swipes right* ""Nice legs"" *Swipes right* ""Nice legs"" *Swipes right* - Spider tinder
I learned that Honey Bees in the United States developed a form of electronics - they're called U.S. Bees.
A fat woman just served me at McDonalds... ... and said ""Sorry about the wait"". I replied and said ""Don't worry, you'll lose it eventually"".
two apples enter a bar... ...then I got sued by Apple
The lady at the massage parlor asked if I wanted a happy ending, I said yes and then she proceeded to tell me the plot of Homeward Bound.
You teabag But Chuck Norris potato sacks
What do you call a Dr. that shares your medical history with everyone? a HIPAAcrite
The problem with feminists... The problem with feminists is that they don't stop talking and I just want to fuck them.
The shortest distance between two points is always closed due to some bullshit construction that should've been finished a year ago.
Police headquarters was broken into last night. All the toilets were stolen. Investigators have nothing to go on.
Me: What's the point if it's not a little violent, dirty? I wanna feel alive. The blood makes me feel ALIVE. Dentist: Please just floss more
I drop it like it's an expensive electronic device I've recently purchased.
How do you assemble a computer? Bit by bit.
Fish Cakes A guy walks into a bar with a Salmon under his arm and says, ""Do you sell fish cakes here?"" Bartender: No we don't. Guy: That's a shame... it's his birthday.
Lawyers really aren't so bad, it's just ninety-nine percent of lawyers that make the rest look bad.
Man comes to psychologist's office He kicks the door open, enters, leans above the desk, and staring psychologist in the eyes says: ""Now, tell me, bald ugly little man, why I don't have any friends?""
My friend started jogging so he'd live longer. He got hit by a bus and died the next day.
One of my oldest friends is my receding hairline... We go way back.
Who is the richest person in the Bible? The Pharao's daughter. She went to the bank of the Nile to pick up a little prophet.
Jogging, but with a car.
Always helpful... Before I criticize a man, I walk a mile in his shoes. That way, if he gets angry, he's a mile away and barefoot.
Asians be like... ay bb u wan sum duck?
What did the racist chess player say? All Rook same!
[At a bar] Guy: Did it hurt? Me: What? G: When you fell walking in. I saw you fall on your face. Everyone saw.
You know its Monday when your left eye wont open and your right eye is twitching.
Eating cheese right off the block then realizing you've eaten too much so you eat a bunch of chips makes it like nachos, right? Hey, fellas
Girls use lotion for hands Boys use lotion for skin.
It's taken me ages... ...but I've finally finished reading Stephen Hawking's book. It's about time.
Why do Asians prefer Sony? Because it's a stereo type
How do you make a tissue dance ? Put a little boogie in it !
A fart is just a turd honking for the right of way. Yep
Snowman in the summer What do you call a snowman in the summer? ""A puddle""
A man and a woman walk into an elevator The man asks the woman, can I smell your feet? The woman looks at him with disgust and says no. The man says, it must be your vagina then.
Why did the man get sent to jail? Black male
Want to know why fish tanks are stupid They don't even have a military.
If you're American when you enter the bathroom, and American when you exit the bathroom, what are you while you're IN the bathroom? European.
Mother: Why did you just swallow the money I gave you? Son: Well you did say it was my lunch money!
I kinda want Hillary to win the US election Just for the sheer irony of her sitting at the desk Monica was under.
What do you call a mexican who lost his car. Carlos
How does a Muslim close a door? Islams it!
shoot for the moon, even if u miss u'll forever be the one peopel point at and whispre ""thats the idiot who shot literal bulets at the moon""
Never end a tweet with a question mark. People will talk to you.
I just assume everyone on my Christmas list has been naughty. Makes things simpler.
Who's the biggest slut ever? Mrs. Pacman--for 25 cents that bitch swallowed balls till she died.
I've got a new aardvark. Would you like to play with him? I don't really know. I've heard it growling it doesn't sound very friendly. Does it bite? That's what I want to find out.
why do they throw shit at a pakistani wedding? keeps the flies away from the bride
I like my coffee how I like my women... Cold.
If history has taught me anything, it's that the person with the loudest, wettest cough will always sit down beside me in a waiting room.
They call me Metal Gear Because my snake is solid
In an attempt to build some exercise into my daily routine, I've put the biscuits on a higher shelf. Boy, I'm gonna be sore tomorrow.
What do you call 4 condoms? For me, a year's supply.
Humpty Dumpty fell off the wall and sued the construction company for using poor material for building the wall
People who tie their sweaters around their necks look like they were giving somebody a piggyback ride before the person got Raptured.
My sister bet me 200 dollars I couldn't build a car out of spaghetti... You should've seen the look on her face as I drove pasta!
What happened to the tasty noun? Verbatim.
Ok gas pump, enough! Credit or debit? Zip code? Reward Card? Car Wash? Receipt? What octane? It takes less buttons to launch a nuke!
My 4-year-old is playing doctor with her baby dolls. She walked by a minute ago holding just a leg. Surgery didn't go well.
Aragorn: If I can protect you, I will. You have my sword Legolas: And you have my bow Gimli: and my axe Steve: and my 439 Twitter followers
[Last supper] Jesus: Same time next week guys? *they all nod* Judas: I'll book a table for 12 Jesus: you mean 13 Judas: yeah..13, I meant 13
Who is fastest girl in the world? Answer: Airtel 4G girl.
Googles ""what happens if you accidentally eat raw cookie dough"" [5 minutes later] ""twice""
What do you call Christopher Walken when he is sitting? Christopher Sitten
What is a prostitutes favorite food? Anything but blue waffles.
The best thing about the Earth is if you poke holes in it oil and gas come out.
Girl hey what's up? Boy if i tell you, will you sit on it? Sex is like a misdmeanor, the kore i miss it, the meaner i get.
What is a water bottle's favorite game to play? Follow the litre.
How do you know when it's time to get a new dishwasher? When the old one expects you to ""do your share""
Two nuns are riding their bikes somewhere... One of the nuns says ""I've never come this way before!"" Other nun says ""Must be the cobblestones.""
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? Dont be silly, feminists cant change anything.
Why do Arabs wear thawbs? Goats can hear a zipper from a mile away.
I had a reaction to some nuts the other day.. ""These are a bit hairy.""
Dear toilet paper makers, We've all unexpectedly run out at some point. Please make the tube in the middle softer. Sincerely, Our asses.
How to mess with people To REALLY mess with people, try drinking Gatorade from a Windex bottle.
Why are chickens racist? They are all in the Coop Clucks Clan
Girls wait for the perfect guy: Disney's fault. Guys wait for the perfect girl: Playboy's fault.
How did the captain of the u-boat announce to his crew that there were no more passports to go around? This sub has officially run out of IDs.
Oscar Pistorius has the worst alibi ever. Who the hell would break into your house to rob your bathroom?
BREAKING: Pot calls kettle ""black"". ""Racial tension at boiling point"" says mayor of kitchen cupboard
Michael J. Fox is extremely formal... ...he even shakes hands with his wife.
What did the Dog say to the Chipmunk? Woof.
""I like my women how I like my sunglasses... Sitting on my face...""
Whats faster then a Aboriginal with a TV? His son with the xbox.
A college grad offers her boss sex for a raise j/k she doesn't have a job.
This afternoon, I was attacked by a group of gay men. I didn't know how to escape. I had to beat them off left and right
Why isn't there golf in the Paralympics? Because it would be really awkward asking what their handicap was.
Whats the difference between a watermelon and a baby? One is fun to smash with a sledgehammer and the other one is a watermelon
How do you know when there is a bassist at your door? He can't find the key and doesn't know when to come in.
What fruit did Hillary grind up in her juicer? 13 blackberries and 5 apples
I told my Mexican student to turn in his essay He said ""I ain't no snitch!"".
Where do dogs shop for groceries? Wagmans.
How does Hitler tie his shoes? In little Nazis.
On your way to hell, there will be a 6-year-old pushing a shopping cart one foot behind you.
It's fun being a philosophy major I get to reflect on why I can't pay for food
What did the animal control officer ask the Hawaiian dancer? Hula the dogs out?
I got arrested for punching this guy at a new years party... When you hear an arab counting down from ten your instincts kick in.
A slightly drunk woman is watching tv... She yells, ""Don't go there! Don't go up the stairs! Don't go into the church you dumb bitch!"" Her husband asks, ""What are you watching?"" ""Our wedding video.""
If you really want to impress me with the year a bottle of wine was made, bring me one from 2024....
Knock Knock Who's there ? Chopin ! Chopin who ? Chopin the supermarket !
I &lt
BISON DAD: good bye, son. BISON SON: thank you, dad.
Pretty sure that Twitter is not one of the seven habits of highly effective people.
50 SHADES OF CHARLES HUNNAM Its been reported that actor Charles Hunnam has dropped out of the movie"50 Shades of Grey"" because of cold feet. You can't blame him, cold feet can lead to shrinkage
What do you call a Russian, homophobic, golfer? Vladimir Putting
Why aren't football stadiums built in outer space? Because there is no atmosphere!
kid theres no such thing as bad publicity. like you would think if a big article came out saying you suck shit it would be bad, but its good
Gene Therapy The act of watching Gene Wilder films to cope with the loss of Gene Wilder. This is the place for wordplay, right?
Protip: Never take your wife with you to your annual checkup. She will tell the doctor way too much about you.
A magic tractor was driving down a country road... When suddenly it turned into a field!
Why is Klezmer music so addictive? Once you Hava Nagila, you'll want another!
Pretty sure Zinedine Zidane never forgave his parents for all the waiting he had to do for his attendance call in school.
We should really use the blackjack scale to rate women. For example: ""Every girl here is ugly"" ""Well, what about her? "" ""Eh, she's like a 15 or 16. Not sure if I'd hit it""
Did you guys hear about the C++ developer that wanted to become a famous actor? He kept getting type cast.
I don't care what people think of me. At least mosquitoes find me attractive.
Two antennas met on a roof... they fell in love, and decided to get married. The ceremony wasn't great, but the reception was excellent.
I once knew a girl who confused a tube of KY jelly... for a tube of super glue. I asked her how it happened... her lips were sealed.
You know why you shouldn't eat spaghetti late at night? Because it'll keep you up Pasta you bedtime.
:*  `*twinkle twinkle little star...point me to the nearest bar *  `*:. HAPPY FRIDAY!!!!!
Confucius say its good to meet girl in the park ...But its better to park meat in the girl.
A guy I know calls women's periods ""shark week."" I asked him why, and he told me ""Beware of blood in the water. The fearsome beast will bite your head clean off, unprovoked, when you least expect it.""
The guy who proofread Hitler's speeches was a Grammar Nazi.
[God creating the frog] ""How about a really stupid-looking kangaroo fish?""
What happened to Mr. Chin after all 10 of his children disappeared? He developed a ten Chin deficit disorder.
What do you call a group of pigs? A precinct.
The first couple months of the year go by quickly. February just Marches on.
Being a dog with no legs - it's no walk in the park
I try to accomplish epic missions before the microwave hits zero.
what do you call a racist Mexican a member of the que que que
Yo momma Is so ugly, she has masturbate with a bag over her head.
Q: How many bluegrass musicians does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Two. One to screw it in and one to complain that it's electrified.
So, Helena Bonham Carter and Tim Burton have split up! It's a bit of a Nightmare before Christmas.
What is Harry Potter's favorite way to get down a hill? Walking. J.k, rolling.
Avenge me! But only through passive aggressively commenting loudly around my murderer how great it would be to still have me alive.
I wonder if Einstein thought of his theory of general relativity... in New York's Time Squared...
This day in history. 1961. In Spain the fascist government of Generalissimo Francisco Franco declared equal rights for women and men. None.
My girlfriend hate when i call her fat And now she want us to break up so i said : What about the baby.
To all sluts !! Please regulate your whoremones !!
Relationship Status: we made our marriage counselor cry.
(Serious) What do you think Michael Hastings was working on before he died? slowing down his car. ... ... shoutout to r/conspiracy for this one.
Your ""poetic"" tweets would be so much better if Adele hadn't thought of them first
My wife said she wanted to do it missionary style, so I forced her to change religions and gave her smallpox.
Next time someone says ""Thanks!"" reply: ""You're welx!"". It's a cool new abbreviation I made up you can use. Make sure to attribute it to me.
In the past, when you were angry with someone you fought them. Now you just delete them off Facebook. That'll teach 'em to fuck with you.
DJ: ""MARRIED PEOPLE IN THE CLUB TONIGHT MAKE SOME NOOOIISE!"" *Groans* *Sobs* *sighs* *a solitary gunshot*
What do you call a hooker that was shot by a sniper? 360 hoscope
Joke Did you hear about the man who stoke a bed
I wonder what my dog named me.
I once had a small part in a porn movie. It was cold that day.
ok i'll bite.. what is Britain
If someone knocks on your door, knock back from the other side. That someone will go away. It works. Trust me, I just tried it this morning.
Why do they ask you if you would like paper or plastic at the grocery store? Because baggers can't be choosers
How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool
I found a rock yesterday which measured 1760 yards in length. Must be some kind of milestone.
I was trying to make a joke about leprechauns... ...but I came up short.
I wonder if racist families have that one liberal uncle who gets drunk at Thanksgiving and goes on about how Obama is DEFINITELY American.
I was trying to convince my friend to go fishing the other day. It took a while to convince her, but then she finally agreed and had fun fishing. She eventually fell for it hook, line, and sinker.
I just want a woman who has a great sense of humor about being a supermodel.
Whaat do you get when you cross a Swede and a Norwegian? A socialist who wants to be king!
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass. (Haven't seen this on here, hope its not a repost.)
[True Love's gf on 7th day of Christmas, forcing smile] awww Swans! how sweet! thx hon, these 7 birds will go nicely with the other 16 birds
Did u hear about the prostitute with no legs? She's selling it for half off.
Yeah, hi, I'd like 500 pizzas over the course of the next 10 years delivered to wherever I am in the world, thanks.
My thoughts are as pure as snow... after the trucks have driven hard and plowed through it.
I wonder if Satan ever gets tired of getting Xmas letters from dyslexic kids.
What the sound of a rainbow laughing? Hue hue hue hue
I auditioned for a role in Star Wars: The Force Awakens Unfortunately, I was a white male.
Mom, am I ugly? ""Of course not, honey. You have everything a man wants, a deep voice, broad shoulders, facial hair...""
What was Sisyphus's favourite type of music? Rock 'n' Roll
Anita Sarkeesian and Zoe Quinn walk into the UN.. Then proceed to lecture them on bullying.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense? I'll tell you next Friday.
Why did the tofu cross the road? To prove it wasn't chicken. &gt
[at a spelling bee] Judge: Your word is SPELL. Witch: *mumbles something under her breath* Judge: Ribbit
My dentist told me I grind at night I was unaware he even saw me at the club
Jokes about abusive parents... ...just hit too close to home.
Can't be an atheist after getting in a subway car with no a/c because u now know hell is real
A wife gets naked... ...and asks her husband, 'What turns you on more! my pretty face or my sexy body?' Husband looks her up and down for a moment and replies, 'Your sense of humor.'
Why did the chicken of the sea cross the road? Because a tuna can!
You should never bully fat people.... They have enough on their plates
Q: Why are all blacks fast? A: The slow ones are in jail.
Every religion has violent people... ... The Christians have The Westboro Baptist Church, the Muslims have the jihadists, and the Jews have the IRS
POLLY GETS A CRACKER WHEN HE STOPS REFERRING TO HIMSELF IN THE THIRD PERSON, and not a moment before. Stupid bird.
I fired a man named Diarrhea today... His shit wasn't together
What do you call an acid with an attitude? A-mean-oh acid
Knock Knock Who's there ! Courtney Pine ! Courtney Pine who ? Courtney Pine tables I need a new one !
Opinions are like assholes... Everyone has one, but they all stink.
The jokes on you Doctor: ""I'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live."" Patient: ""What do you mean, 10? 10 what? Months? Weeks?!"" Doctor: ""Nine.""
Whosoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office is in big trouble... You have my Word.
My dad keeps throwing erasers at me... My dad keeps throwing erasers at me and I finally snapped, ""Why dad!"" he replied ""the first rubber I used didn't get rid of my mistake, maybe this one will""
I was going to have an edging tournament with some friends... ...but nobody came.
What's the difference between you and a mallard with a cold? One's a sick duck and.... ....I can't remember how it ends, but your mother's a whore.
GOD: Go forth, my tiny friends! ANTS: Hooray! ANGEL: Ok next creation ... The anteater. ANTS: The what now?
I'm not positive, but I think when you say you're ""over"" something, YOU STOP TALKING ABOUT IT.
How do you stop rape? **NSFW** Consent.
What kind of dog doesn't do well in hot weather?  A faint Bernard!
Remember that time when we got trapped on a ski-lift for 4 days, then the acid wore off and we were just sitting on my grandmas porch-swing.
What's the difference between jam and jelly? I can't jelly my dick down your throat.
*muttered from inside a bear* ""Go hiking" they said.
That's pretty cool that Mary Shelley wrote Heidi Montag's biography before she was even born. #Frankenstien
Love is blind, only marriage opens your eyes.
What exactly is the difference between a New York City Park bathroom and a Law & Order crime scene?
My wife gave me the silent treatment for a week... It ended when I told her ""We've been getting along really well lately"".
I keep forgetting my passwords so I changed them all to one that's super easy for me to remember: InsufficientFundsContactYourBank00.00
AIN'T NO PARTY LIKE A WINDOWS 7 PARTY 'CAUSE A WINDOWS 7 PARTY DON'T STFILE \$win_nt$.~bt\NTKRNLMP.EXE cannot be open error 7
What do you call a blind german guy? A not see.
How did Jesus get so ripped? 39 lashes.
An Asian girl walks up to me in a bar. She says ***""Sex sex sex, free sex tonight!""*** Apparently she was giving me her number.
What was Bob Marley's favourite font? Sans Sheriff!
Winrar is not free
What does a man say after sex? Nothing, he's happy and content with life.
Are you from Mississippi? Cause you're the only miss I ssippi. (I have no clue)
A redhead tells her blonde stepsister... ...""I slept with a Brazilian...."" The blonde replies, ""Oh my God! You slut! How many is a brazilian?""
What do you call a fat female assassin? A killer whale.
Damn boy, are you fresh ground pepper? Coz you're kinda boring and you've been on top of everything.
I have a weird quirk when watching Star Wars I wait for when someone is going to yell, ""R2!"" and yell out ""Am not!""
What's a redneck's favorite type of bread? Inbred
Our 2-year-old is entertaining everyone at the restaurant by screeching like a seagull every fifteen seconds.
Stevie Wonder got a cheesegrater for Christmas. He said it was the most violent book he's ever read.
Paddy wanted to buy a Labrador.. Mick said ""Fuck that, have you seen how many of their owners go blind!""
My girlfriend told me that she had slept with 144 people before me. Now that's just gross.
Jesus said that he'd get rid of evil people, whereas Norse gods said they'd get rid of frost giants. nnI don't see many frost giants around.
If Natalie Portman dated Jacques Cousteau they would win celebrity couple nicknaming forever with ""Portmanteau.""
When the doctor prescribed the millennium a medical dog he was surprised the patient asked ""how do i smoke it""
Charlie Sheen walks into a bar... And orders a drink or two. Or three. Or four. And then gets into a barfight.
I know it's not safe but our taxi driver keeps falling asleep at every light and it's getting hilarious
What did the physicists say when he accidentally broke his resistor?  my ghosh
Thank you for calling. To speak with a human being, please hang up and travel back to the early 1990's.
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, it's already screwed in! heh. *chirp* *chirp*
Where do guys who buy hookers, mountain lions, and cantelopes go for the summer? John Cougar Meloncamp An old joke I haven't heard in ages.
The fun thing about wigs is when someone complements you on your hair, you can rip it off and say, ""Here. Take it. No, I insist.""
how to get a fat chick in bed... It's a piece of cake!
I have noticed that everyone who is for abortion, has already been born.
How do we create jobs? I thought he was already dead
Relationship are like algebra... Do you ever look at your X and wonder Y?
What happens when you get more than you payed for with a Mexican Gigolo? The second coming of Jesus.
What did the bra say to the toupee? You go on ahead, I'll hold these two up.
Fun way to prank Jesus is to invite him snorkeling haha he'd be stuck on top walking on the water while ur underneath having all the fun
What do you call a hypnotist that works with wealthy children during the summer? an heir conditioner.
Things that are better left unsaid 1. 2. 3.
My wife is so married that she even stopped blowing out the candles on her birthday cake cause she doesn't want me gettin' any ideas.
What's the difference between an elected official and a piece of garbage? Garbage gets thrown out.
Did you hear about the abstinent lenses? They never came in contact.
What's the difference between a boy scout and a jew? The boy scout comes home from camp.
The fact that we're not calling stepdads ""faux pas" seems like a missed opportunity.
Pick the odd one out... Pick the odd one out: eggs, meat, wife, blowjob. You can beat your eggs, you can beat your meat, you can beat your wife, but you can't beat a blow job
""You're what you eat"" So when will your mum become me?
Why is Empire Strikes Back the best Star Wars movie? It's a perfect 5/7.
When I die I want my tombstone to read, ""Did stuff"".
Sorry we don't serve time travelers here Two time travelers walk into a bar
Never trust an atom They make up everything
What did the woman do that found gold in her vagina? She mined her own business.
Three men walk into a bar. The fourth one ducks. Three ducks walk into a bar. The fourth one humans.
Just buckled a bottle of Tito's Vodka into the backseat of my car, so I obviously know what it's like to be a mom.
What has four wheels and flies A Garbage truck
It's not that Jake couldn't juggle It's that he didn't have the balls to do it
Little Shop of Horrors should have taken place in Russia. Because in Soviet Russia plant eats you!
Like most movies. I show big things in my trailer.
A man walks into a library and says ""I hope you don't have a book on reverse psychology.""
Yoda: Why, afraid of seven, five is? Because six seven eight.
CNN admits to dating Fox News.
Where did the King keep his armies? In his sleevies.
What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare-line.
My life flashed before my eyes... ...Turns out I'm epileptic and died from the seizure.
News: Don't panic about Ebola, but please watch this nonstop coverage about how it could spread everywhere and kill you. Don't panic though.
People only want to do drugs named after women: Mary Jane, Molly, Lucy (in the Sky with Diamonds). No one wants to snort some Craig.
Shout out to slugs for doing everything a snail does without a helmet
Getting a girlfriend is a lot like getting a car The more money you have, the more options you have.
Why can a T-Rex not touch his toes? Because he's extinct
I think I'm going to give away my old Dyson vacuum cleaner. It's just collecting dust.
Why do hamburgers feel sad at barbecues? They get to meet their old flames!
A duck walks into a bar... Quack!
A woman is like a parachute  can refuse at any time, that's why you need to have a spare one.
What is a cannibal's favorite fruit? Granny Smith
What happens to a laffy taffy joke in the rain? It makes me laugh a little bit, in the rain.
My doctor told me to watch my drinking. So I'm off to find a bar with a mirror.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? ""How do you drink through that?""
I'll admit that my jokes are cheesy, but even then the ones I find hilarious my friends don't find funny at all They must be laughtose intolerant
Yo mama so fat, when she went to Hogwarts for the first time, the sorting hat said ""Awwwwww hell 'naw!!""
What is the worst animal std? Gatoraids
Watching X-Men. Hard to believe that all this stuff actually happened.
Subreddit for cleanjokes? Anyone know of one? TIA
What do you call a farmer in the army? E.I. G.I Joe.
Am I the first with a Roof joke? Hope so. What is the source of Roof's racism? When he was young, his friends teased him by calling him Rufus.
What adjective do you use to describe a bad pun? Pungent
Life as a penis must be hard.
Why did a footballer take a piece of rope onto the pitch ? He was the skipper !
There is a time and a place for accosting people with baguettes (2 p.m., Whole Foods).
Trump is such a good businessman that he literally wrote the book on business! Everyone should read it! Its too bad that it only goes up to chapter 11 though...
How can you tell that your waitress is having a bad day? She has a tampon behind her ear and she can't find her pencil.
Son of a Beach So I like digging. I am going to go the beach and become a professional digger. Professional digger.
What do you call a black man on the moon? An astronaut.
How do you spell hypocrisy? R-E-L-I-G-I-O-N
Whats the difference between Trump and Hitler? About 70 years
Whoa, calm down, person actually swimming in the swimming pool.
What makes Kirby a great all-around fighter? He's all round.
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends...? Because he's married. 
I had a very confusing time when I tried to buy a Wii in France.
Oscar Pistorius... wanted a new bathroom door, but his girlfriend was dead against it.
On the set of a movie... ""Alright folks that's a wrap"" ""Actually sir it's a panini"" ""Ugh..Take five"" But there weren't enough paninis for everyone to take 5
Did you hear about the man who bought a bucket load of Tipp-ex last week? Big mistake.
Replace his deodorant with a glue stick so he thinks of you every time he tries to raise his arm to put around the shoulders of another girl
What did Tony the Tiger say to the kids playing baseball? ""Theeeeeeeeey Never expect the Spanish Inquisition!""
""No no no!"" said the enraged businessman to the persistent salesman. ""I cannot see you today!"" ""That's fine"" said the salesman ""I'm selling spectacles.""
I asked to switch seats on a plane because I was sat next to a crying baby. Apparently that's not allowed if it's yours.
How to comfort a Grammar Nazi ""They're Their There""
The best thing about sex with your sister... ...is that if she gets pregnant, you can just blame your dad.
Static cling is just physics showing us how much it loves us.
What do you call a lesbian Eskimo? A Klondike.
What do you call a gay dentist? The Tooth Fairy
I finally figured out the problem with our firewall last night. It was a real breakthrough! //Actually used that this morning. Manager did not notice, I did not explain.
Did you know Helen Keller had a swing-set in her back yard? ...neither did she
Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear carpet in his room The bear isn't dead it is just afraid to move.
What did the baby corn say to the Mom corn ? Where is Popcorn ?
Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection except one... ...he's never gonna give you *Up.*
I burned a kid in a wheelchair today. Hot wheels.
I saw 300 lbs crammed into a pair of small yoga pants so now I understand how the Tardis on Dr. Who is real.
Thank you student loans for getting me through college I don't think I can ever repay you.
Q: What's brown and in a baby's diaper? A: Michael Jackson's hand !!
I'm recovering from necrophilia and beastiality... I would tell you about it, but I'd be beating off a dead horse.
I ejaculated six feet earlier. Strange, usually I ejaculate semen.
I bet a lot of people have tried that ""See you next year!"" joke at the end of December but got proven wrong by dying in a DUI.
Why is DJ Khaled's favorite number 11? Cuz it has another 1
How many babies does it take to paint a wall? Depends how hard you throw them
I've just found my iPhone autocorrects ""cunt"" to ""Cynthia."" Which means somewhere in Steve Jobs' past is a woman with one HELL of a story.
Which came first the chicken or the egg? The chicken of course, an egg cannot cum! Made this up in my sleep sorry if offends any egg lovers..
A large hole appeared outside the local police station. They're looking into it.
If your date asks what you do for a living, just say ""You let me worry about that.""
My friend asked me today what the name of the show is where they go fishing and catch all the crabs..I said ""Jersey  Shore""...Was I wrong?
*drives Toyota Corolla into Mordor* ""See, nobody suspected a thing""
What is 20 inches long and makes women scream at night? A stillborn
When I met my wife I knew she was a keeper She was wearing massive gloves.
Why do black people have nightmares? Because the last guy who had a dream got shot
Alright, so, two Jews walk into a shower I bet you can finish this one
Kevin Bacon likes to play Six Degrees of Everybody Else.
GREETINGS MORTAL, YOU MAY ASK ME ONE QUE- ""what's the deal with airline food?"" GODDAMNIT JERRY HOW DO YOU KEEP FINDING THIS CRYSTAL
this month's full moon is in virgo. you know what that means: you shouldn't be friends with me because i will tell you shit like this
How are eating a girl out and working for the CIA similar? One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit. (Thanks to u/Gary_III for pointing out the mistake last time
You know you're old when you watch a horror movie where annoying, partying college kids get murdered and you identify with the killer.
So I got kicked out of the library the other day... For moving all the women's rights books to the fiction section.
Every night someone breaks into my house & dresses me for the next day. I guess I'd be more upset if it wasn't saving me time in the morning
Interviewer: Your resume only has ""Mad"" under ""Skills"" Me: Yeah boyee Interviewer: *tears up* You're just what we need. Welcome to Subway.
New E Sport So there is a doctor in NYC that came down with ebola...he went bowling the night before admittance, created new sport...eboling
Sometimes the only way you can feel good about yourself is by making someone else look bad. And I'm tired of making other people feel good about themselves!
Pick a number, now add 7, divide by 4, write it down. Now get an apple, name it, show it a picture of your cat. Now go to bed,you're drunk.
Why did the plane crash? Because the pilot was a loaf of bread. (my wife tells this joke to everyone and no one but me has ever laughed)
Whats the best part of living in Switzerland? Im not too sure either but the flags a big plus.
My mom asked me if I would still date a girl who had cancer and lost her hair from chemo. i told her, ""Of course, that just means she has better head!""
Did you hear about the short-sighted circumciser? He got the sack..
Please pray for the people still playing Farmville on Facebook.
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just Juan
I entered the word bit*h into my GPS and guess what, I'm in your driveway!!
I'm gonna buy some cheese and put it behind glass with a sign that reads ""In queso emergency, break glass""
A collection of OC jokes!
Here lies IcarusIsNotLonely, upon his gravestone lie his last words: ""Oh fuck, a car!""
If I'm facing away from you during sex, assume I'm quietly enjoying a snack.
Where do fat people live? Obe-city
What's a pirates favorite letter? You think it's the ""R"" but it's really the ""C"". Happy talk like a pirate day!
How do you turn soup into gold? You add 24 carats!
FUN FACT: Teens in the late 1800s sent/received an average of 75 telegrams a day.
*sees person I know in a crowd* *waves enthusiastically* * realizes I don't know person* * changes enthusiastic wave to awkward fist pump*
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car? Get in the car Robin
Getting a prostate exam doesn't make you gay... Unless you spend all day studying for it.
Why do hippies like corduroy? Because the material is so groovy.
I asked a pregnant woman if she would have sex with me. She said ""no, I don't do threesomes"".
What do you call an Asian prize fighter who's dad has a serious case of diarrhea? A slap happy jappy with a crap happy pappy
People who like shitty lite pop-rock are lucky. They get to hear their favorite music in department stores and at the dentist.
What's the difference between Whose Line is it Anway and /r/jokes? On Whose Line is it Anyway, *everything* is made up.
*Robocop smashes tail light* Uh oh, that's a citation *He drops a bag of weed* Damn that's 20 years *Robohippie starts to sweat*
Give a man a fish & he'll be all ""WTF are you giving me a fish for? That's weird"" Teach a man to fish & he'll be all ""Again with the fish?""
50 shades of grey After reading 50 Shades of Grey my wife asked me to tie her tightly to the bed. ""Now what?"" I asked. ""Hurt me!"" ""Ok. You have saggy tits""
Vacationing in Switzerland ""So did you enjoy the beautiful scenery?"" ""I couldn't really see much because of the mountains.""
Light is useful It helps us 'c' things.
Watched Avatar again and long story short, can you untie my ponytail from this horse?
Without nipples, breasts would be pointless.
What do you call a native american cook a sioux chef
I like my coffee like I like my women! I'm sure whatever you've got is fine. I'm pretty happy with anything.
What do Indian flowers grow? Patels (this may or may not have been inspired by a dumb facebook post I saw)
Two guys walked into a bar.. You would think one of them would of ducked!
An old man was having a check up.... The doctor asked how hid erections were doing. ""They come and go.""
No matter what people think of you, walk around with your head held high. Multiple chins are not cute.
CASHIER: would you like to donate one dollar to charity? ME: no thank you SATAN (sitting on a throne made of human skulls): excellent choice
Why does Elton John play the piano? Because he sucks on an organ.
Just reported a car as being stolen because the people inside are black and the stick figures on the rear window are white.
Shout out to the sense of wonder in the eyes of children. Also to pistachios. I'll eat a shit ton of pistachios. Mmmm pistachios.
My parents kidnapped me. I was then born.
I asked my 3yo daughter if I should get a minivan... She said, no, you should get a Daisy van.
A recent study showed that 93% of the people in Detroit have had shower sex The other 7% have not been to jail.
If you pitch a non-superhero, non-remake, non-sequel film in Hollywood they send your family to a work camp.
Him: I think you're my soul mate. Me: I'm so SO sorry for you.
I'll apologize for burning your house down if you apologize for telling me I ""overreact.""
Why are blacks excited for 2016? Because it is the year of the monkey.
[finally rich enough to go to a tailor] ""How can I help you sir?"" One clothes please!
The local high school volley ball team was having a game against the police force. It was time for the police to protect and serve.
Jokes about fat people aren't funny. They just don't work out.
Johnny Depp is to Tim Burton what Tyler Perry is to Tyler Perry.
Q: How did a blind woman pierce her ear? A: Answering the stapler.
A shower so cold, you call it by your exes name
You know what really grinds my gears? Not pushing my clutch pedal down far enough
Hey, did you hear about the Mexican-Indian twins that just moved in next door? They're identical too! Once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamal.
What did the Frenchman say when he saw a dirty toilet? Eau de Toilette! (eww, the toilet)
Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?
When my wife told me to stop imitating flamingos, I had to put my foot down
My Muslim girlfriend wants to blow me Should I be excited or call the cops?
What do you get if you play a C&amp
Why did the girl reject iron oxide? Because it was FeO
Alcohol is photoshop for real life.
Why did my ex gf Fav my tweet where I announced that I got laid off. Why did you do that sharon
I'm turning to Reddit to help crowdsource an OC joke about defective condoms but it's all been a bust. You pricks keep poking holes in it.
How do you solve world hunger and poverty simultaneously? By feeding the poor to the hungry.
why did princess Diana cross the road? she wasnt wearing her seatbelt....
Dark comedy is... Like water.......not everyone gets it.
Never threaten anyone. It spoils the surprise.
Girlfriend: Ok you hang up :-) Boyfriend: No You hang up first :-) Girlfriend: no you first Boyfriend: No you first NSA: both of you hang up
What bus crossed the Atlantic Ocean? Columbus
How to get laid: Step 1: Be an egg Step 2: That's literally it
What U.S. State has the smallest sodas? Minisoda
Why did Jon Snow become a spokesman for Rolex? For the time piece.
What do you call a 13 year old girl from Kentucky who can run faster than her six brothers? A virgin.
I have a great ebola joke! You probably won't get it
Just heard local reports of a stalker, which is funny because I watch everyone through their windows and none of them look suspicious
Guy at the Apple store suggested I turn off my phone once a week, so I slapped his face and ran out of the store crying.
Two pharaohs farted at the same time. They had a toot in common.
A lion wouldn't cheat on his wife but a Tiger Wood
What's blue and sits on the toilet? A policeman doing his duty!
There was a new machine at the gym today. I had to stop using it after an hour as i felt sick, but it was worth it got through 4 kit kats 2 cherry cokes and 2 packets of crisps.
It's 450 BC. Socrates is doing a keg stand at a philosopher frat party. Gets the nickname SoCRAYtes. Nobody takes him seriously ever again.
Why doesn't a chicken wear pants? Because it's pecker is on its head.
Oh good, I've made this mistake before so I know what to expect.
They say choose a major you love and you'll never work a day in your life... because that field probably isn't hiring.
I imagine one day my dearest friends will say at my funeral, ""Wow. What an idiot. Who chokes to death on orange sherbet?""
Men. Can't live with 'em...can't finish this joke unless I wanna be single the rest of my life.
A guy walks into a bar and asks ""Do you serve lawyers?"" The bartender responds ""Yes, of course!"" The man then says ""Well then. I'll have a beer for myself and a lawyer for my alligator.""
Why are bananas so popular? Because they have appeal
What is the suicide emergency hotline number in Brazil? 127 Edit: [for clarification](http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/matches/round=255955/match=300186474/)
*describes my ideal woman to police sketch artist* ""And I need you guys to find her by 9 tonight cuz this buffet coupon is about to expire.""
What's in a white mans pants and more than 4 inches long? Nothing
Gf:Do u love me? Me:Yes. Gf:Why do u love me? Me:You're the best. Gf:I'm the best at what? Me:Asking questions. Gf: Like what? Me:...
If you listen real closely, you can hear my alarm clock laughing as I set it.
Fun prank: 1: steal your married friends phone 2: change your name to ""Brandi from the club"" 3: call them repeatedly and hang up at 3AM
""Can I get a do-over?"" - Me, playing golf, tennis (or pretty much any sport), taking a test, having sex, making a speech, living my life....
I was glad to see the back of my ex-girlfriend! She always insisted on having sex doggy-style....
I just saw a group of pandas pooping on the ground together What an embarrassment
Why does a white guy go to a brothel? For pleasure. Why does a black guy go to a brothel? He's looking for his mother.
Did you hear about the mutant that had a sex change? She's an Ex-Man
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
What's a pirate's favorite workout program? Pirates (pronounced like pilates)
My friend told me his favourite word was 'many' It doesnt mean much to me...
How is God just like every other man? If you're not on your knees, he's not interested.
Yo moma is so... good looking, what happened you? edit: premature ejokulation
The entire city of Detroit burned down last night. Estimated damage is $6.
My friend has a compulsion to eat everything in sight, and as a result, he's put on a lot of weight... You might say he suffers from OBCD.
I tried to start a band called ""999 megs""! Never did get a gig :(
I told my dog to bark. He said, ""howwwl loud.""
Do you know what makes pink lemonade pink? Strawberries.
Why was the nun hooked up to an IV of holy water? She was taking god's name in vein.
Why aren't there any knock knock jokes about America? Because Freedom Rings.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick
Did you hear about the Indian who drank 4 gallons of tea? They found him dead the next day in his tea pee.
Experience with women has taught me that Jack was most likely pushed down the hill.
My Grandma's church was odd in that they worshipped paintings. Very weird. Every week they would stand up and sing ""How Great Thou Art""
When people write, ""your dumb" maybe it's not a typo--they just mean stupidity belongs to you. ""Here's your dumb now leave.""
Today I asked the Director of Admissions at my University what the best thing about her job was... And she said, ""Well, I gotta admit...""
Hello. I am Public Restroom. Would you like some toilet paper that melts in the palm of your hand? Here, have some empty soap, my child.
""Papa who was Hamlet?"" ""You birdbrain! Bring me the Bible and I'll show you who he was.""
If a groom is a person that takes care of a horse, why don't they call the bride a jockey?
Slow down in those corduroy pants. You'll ignite a bush fire.
How many skateboarders does it take to change a lightbulb? One, but it will take him 50 tries to do it.
What do you call a bunch of people buying non-brand name ice skates? Cheapskates getting cheap skates
The unused coloring book. Why can't the little girl color the elephant in her coloring book? Her arms are amputated.
A far right party wins an election in Germany with 60% of the vote. I did nazi that coming
Jesus spoke to me yesterday... But I don't like talking to my roofers, so I had his brother Juan tell him not to do that in the future.
What was Hitler's least favourite month? Jew-ne
Did you hear about the 6 guys and the woman that went fishing? The guys didn't catch anything, but the woman came home with a red snapper.
what does a Nazi turkey say? ""Goebbles Goesbbles""
If a picture frame doesn't have the word ""memories"" written on it in giant cursive letters, how do I know what I'm looking at?!
""Yous shall not pass!"" (Gandalfini)
What is Michal Jackson A Chocolate Cracker (if they exist)
You might be a redneck if someone shouts hoedown and your girlfriend hits the floor.
Which baseball team is currently the favourite  with hamburger fans? The Cincinnati Reds -because they're the Big Bread Machine!
What is the deadliest volcano? Mount Kill-a-man-jaro
I don't understand Fox and Friends. No one on the show is named Fox. Are they friends with a TV channel?
A man calls in to work sick on a Friday His boss asks him, ""Why what's wrong with you?"" He replies, ""its my eyes boss... I just can't see my ass coming in to work today.""
Why did the spud lover set his alarm for 8:00? Because he wanted to get a-po-ta-to clock. **EDITED** to make joke more apparent
So doctor how much time do I have left? 10... 10 what? 9, 8....
How does a barber avoid getting hair in his food? By giving her a Brazilian wax first!
Someone once told me ""If you love something, set it free"". I told them not to mind about those noises coming from the basement.
What do Michael Jackson and Jimmy Savile have in common? they touched some many lives
What's the most embarrassing part about Hillary Clinton's emails? The Nigerian Prince actually came through with the money transfer.
My mother-in-law was bitten by a dog yesterday. How is she now ? She's fine. But the dog died.
What do you call a prositute on her period? Unemployed.
Dad cooks deer for dinner and doesn't tell the kids what it is... He gives them a hint ""It's what your mom calls me"" The kids respond ""It's a fucking dick, don't eat it""
How does NASA organize their missions. They Planet.
Why couldn't the motorcycle stand on it's own? because it was too tired.
Jobs that do not exist anymore Steve
How is being a Jew like eating a burrito? It's really not a problem until they give you gas.
Please don't eat me! I have a wife and kids... ... ...Eat them!
What's the difference between an oyster with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea? Well, one you shuck between the fits and the other...
What do you call someone who is known for being heartless and cold to others? Dead
""I can't wait until this one orange erases years of poor eating choices."" -me, dieting
How much is Donald Trump's life insurance? Just one pence.
90% of my friends have hemorrhoids. The other 10% are perfect ass holes.
I added Michael J Fox as a friend on Instagram... He likes every single one of my photos.
What did the Computer Engineer say? What did the computer Engineer say when he saw his favorite drink? ICT
It's a shame that nobody is stepping up to defend the clown community Not even the mimes are talking
What does Jeffrey Dahmer and Peewee Herman have in common? They were both caught with hands in their drawers.
What time do dentists fly airplanes? Tooth Hurty (2:30)
Attractive women post selfies and refer to themselves as ugly. As a group, if we begin agreeing with them we could stop that shit quick.
Why is it so hard to order pizza from me? I'll update with the hilarious punchline later...
My boyfriend doesn't believe in labels, which is probably why he drank all that bleach
I swear if I see one more tweet about 11/11/11 being once in A life time I will snap. Every date is once in a life time! That how time works
Drinking ink won't kill you, you'll just dye a little inside.
Sporty I bought my wife fumarate. Now during sex moans as Sharapova.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb? None. First they beat the room for being black, then they arrest the light bulb for being broke.
I am Looking a Bank I am Looking for a Bank which can perform Two things for me. Give me a Loan, and then Leave me Alone....
Came up with this joke this morning in the shower. I took a tour of a prison for poets, at the end the warden asked what I thought of it. I said it has its prose and cons.
I'm Indian but not ""able to read sanskrit"" Indian so slow down there Raj, aside from the heart eye emojis I have no idea wtf your DM means.
What do they pass around after dinner at Buckingham Palace? Under Eights.
So if multiple cactus is cacti... NSFW Would a cat (animal) be cat-i?
Boy: Calls 911 Boy: calls 911 Hello? I need your help! 911: Alright, What is it? Boy: Two girls are fighting over me! 911: So what's your emergency? Boy: The ugly one is winning.
I have a theory that consuming little bits of peanut butter encased in colored candy shells provokes silly rhymes. I call it my Reeces Pieces Thesis. . . . . I'll see myself out.
Fox has cancelled American Idol. From Now on, if I want to listen to bad music, I'll have to listen to Pitbull just like everyone else.
CW: My wedding is going to be expensive! Me: Wait till you see what the divorce is going to cost you!
Machine uprising? Ha! What can they do? Toaster gonna burn my bagel? Vending machine gonna steal my money? Like they do now... Holy shit.
What do you call a typo on a tombstone A grave mistake.
You know, I just love whiteboards... They're remarkable.
I try not to tweet about things I'm doing incase it gets taken out of context, but this cock is delicious!
What has bottom on the top? Legs.
[to hot girl at bus stop as bus approaches] ""I could easily afford to get on that if I wanted to.""
""Oh, you decided to close your bedroom door with me on the outside? Allow me to sing you the song of my people."" -my cat
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia? Nail a piece of toast to the ceiling.
Q:What happened when Smokey the Bear started the forest fire? A: He got arrested just like you would've.
Hi college freshmen! I hope when you selected bedding for your dorm room you asked yourself, ""Can I see myself throwing up on this pattern?""
I have submitted 10 jokes now trying to reach the front page... no pun in ten did.
Why did the hipster burn his tounge on his coffee? Cus he drank it before it was cool...
IT Jokes Wikipedia: I know everything! Google: I have everything! Facebook: I know everybody! Internet: Without me you are nothing! Electricity: Keep talking bitches!
What's the difference between eating pussy and driving in the fog?... At least when your eating pussy you can see the asshole in front of you!
How do rabbits fly? In hareplanes.
I used to think ""I hope I don't do anything stupid."" Now it's more like ""I hope whatever stupid shit I do at least fits in a tweet.""
Teacher: What time do you get up in the morning  ? About an hour and a half after I arrived at school
I tried to upload the Brazil vs Germany game to pornhub... But they removed it for rape
*knock knock* Go away I'm not home ""I can hear you"" I can hear you too..go away ""I brought food"" What kind of food
Why couldn't the fortune teller fit into her shirt? Because she's a medium
What does the shy little pebble wish for? To be a little Bolder.
Why wouldn't the sow let her piglets play with  toads? She didn't want them to grow into wart hogs.
Is your name Summer? Coz you're HOT!
Some bloke on FB called me a clown. Now I've got to go hide under his bed with a knife cause that's what clowns do.
Today is Stevie Nicks' birthday. She is 67 years old. I wonder what that is in goat years?
A heart-shaped pizza just means less pizza and that's not a sacrifice I'm willing to make for love.
What does a baby have in common with a old car? They're fun to take apart, but they're a real bitch to put back together.
I went camping recently. It was intense.
What do you call a hippopotamus in an I.C.U.? Hippo-critical.
I wonder during the election for Pope, did the other cardinals point to the losers and say excitedly ""you are NOT the  father""
Q: What is the first thing that President Clinton says after waking up? A: ""Good morning Bill.""
Lebron James quits basketball to become an actor And he's taking his talents to Hollywood
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather Not screaming and yelling like everyone else in the car.
I never bought candy bars from those kids on my doorstep so I guess they're all in gangs now.
PATIENT: I bet medical school was pretty tough DR DOG: yeah I remember one time I did my assignment 4 times bc I ate the first 3 copies lol
I don't like thinking about gravity. It brings me down.
Babies are just people that haven't hurt your feelings yet.
Everyone worries about Pao. They should be worried about... Darude Sandstorm
How many white teenagers does it take to change a lightbulb ...none they would rather sit in the dark (im white teenage and mean no harm in this joke)
My tampon just leaked during my bath and now it looks like I made a tub full of passion fruit tea.
What does your mom and a rain forest have in common? If you look deep enough in the bush, you might find a cockatoo.
Why did the feminist cross the road? To suck my cock!
Cocaine I tried and failed to use cocaine. It kept falling off the mirror in the bathroom.
A book fell on my head the other day, I only have my shelf to blame
Did you hear about that free-range astrophysicist buffalo? His name was Neil. Neil da Grass-fed Bison.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroganoff.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Aldo ! Aldo who ? Aldo anywhere with you !
Yo momma's so fat... She got more chins than a Hong Kong phone book.
What do Nazi Germany and vaginas have in common? Their tendency to subjugate poles.
There is a fine line between ""important to me"" and ""dead to me."" Don't walk it.
How can you call someone and sound fabulous? Use a homophone.
I have a confession to make. I've been having sex with my staff. What's worse is I'm self employed!!!! Badaboom!
Why is your nose in the middle of your face? Because it's the scenter.
Don't be afraid to be open-minded. Your brain isn't going to fall out.
I wish I could erase my memory of certain movies so I could watch them again for the first time.
Approach a woman in a bar and whisper ""Hey, wanna get out of here?"" If she says yes, you can sit where she was.
How many communists died during ww2? not enough
What did the bee say to his wife? No on knows. It's a Mister Bee.
If a duck and a elephant were to vote They'd vote for donald trunk
What did the spice merchant say when someone knocked on his door? Cumin!
Bigfoot walks into a bar.. The bartender is no longer able to discern reality and spends the rest of his life in a mental institution.
What do black people and Apple Inc. have in common? They have no jobs
How can you tell an old person from a young person? An old person can sing and brush their teeth at the same time.
How does a neckbeard make a scotch egg? He has to Breddit
Where do most black people work? In jail
What do you call? What do you call a donkey with three legs?? A wonkey!!
Put your right leg in, Put your right leg in, Put your right leg in, Put your right leg in, Put your right leg out, Put -spider hokey pokey
For sale: Standards. Mint condition. Barely used.
Had a very hot curry last night and now my asshole is on fire ... I'm suffering from deja vindaloo.
One man's girlfriend is another man's Twitter password.
Girl, do you have a defibrillator? Cause my heart stops everytime I see you
Fact: 9/10 people enjoy date rape
Your mom's got eight vaginas and a Ph.D. We call her Dr. Octopus.
What do you call a hirsute ceramicist? Hairy Potter
Son: Dad can sand melt? Me putting down my glass: Don't be ridiculous of course it can't
What do you call a redhead with a yeast infection? Gingerbread
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator!
To understand the difference between Italians and Canadians all you need to know is two things. Italian sausage and Canadian bacon...
Cakeday special - what did the Chinese gangster do? Made him an offer he couldn't understand
I hope Jessica Biel names her first child Batmo.
What's the difference between parsley.... and pussy? Nobody eats parsley anymore.
How do you plug a plow into a car stereo? Through the ox input.
Fart when people hug you. It makes them feel strong.
What do you call a handjob from a rocket scientist? A stroke of genius.
Two things I will never understand the appeal of: 1) Open relationships 2) Hairless cats
A local census says that on average, 1 in every 4 guys is gay I hope it's Dave- i think he's kinda cute
Every time I see the headline 'tragedy on film set' I think oh god m knight shymalan is making another goddamn movie
Last night I wrote myself a letter. But I forgot to sign it and now I don't know who it's from.
My doctor gave me six months to live. I told him I couldn't pay my bill. He gave me another six months.
A cubical is a great place to reflect on all the bad decisions you've made in your life
I asked my yoga teacher what my purpose in life is she said "" To inspire and then expire""
What do you call a cross between a donkey and an onion? A piece of ass that will bring a tear to your eye
What do you call a person who makes surrealist sandwiches? Salvador Deli.
I can tell a train has been through here recently... You know how I can tell? Cause there is its tracks.
Why shouldn't white people swim? Crackers get soggy when wet.
What do terrorists eat when its sunny? Choc-ISIS
I like my coffee like I like my women. Strong and Bitter
What's the worst thing your wife can say during sex Honey I'm home
Guys who say they like girls who don't wear makeup really mean they like girls that look really hot without the help of makeup.
How do you know you are at a picnic with gay men? All the hot dogs taste like shit
Next time, instead of complaining about how bad you have it, think about other people, and how to make things bad for them.
Horse trots up and says to mirror: ""why the long face?"" Mirror says ""It's okay, I'm just a bit reflective today."" I'll be here all week folks.
""You have 15 seconds to convince me of why I should call you back. Good luck."" - my voicemail message
TIFU by making my husband the wrong sandwich Oops, wrong sub!
It's the eye of the tiger. It's the spleen of a sheep.
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam You can't peanut butter your dick up someone's ass
What is 6.9? A really good time ruined by a period.
How many mosquitoes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two. But I don't know how they got in there.
Why does a dog? Why does a dog lick its butt? To get the taste of dog food out of its mouth.
Why are libraries so strict? Because they have to go by the book.
Went to Bingo yesterday, Got two fat ladies... Worst 3some ever.
Just slung my bra off & threw it to the other side of the couch where there are already 2 other bras. If my math is right, it's Wednesday.
I wonder if clouds look down on us and say shit like ""That one's shaped like an idiot.""
Can't decide if I should start this laundry or fake my own death.
What did the Reddit admins do for Christmas? [removed]
What idiot called them atheists instead of non-parishables?
All Condoms have serial numbers on them- They do? I've never seen one- Yeah, C'mon, you know..Big numbers...at the...Oh... I guess you've never had to roll one back that far....
If 4 people have sex is called a four-some 3 people have sex is a three-some and 2 people have sex is a two-some Now you know why they call me handsome
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was out standing in his field
How many ""friend zoned"" guys does it take to change a lightbulb? How many ""friend zoned"" guys does it take to change a light bulb? None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
reverse racism the biggest joke of all
A man would never say... STOP SUCKING MY DICK OR I'LL CALL THE POLICE!
Did you hear Ben and Jerry's are naming a flavor in honor of Jerry Sandusky? They are calling it Raspberry Turnover
Professor: What is an independent variable? Student: A variable who don't need no man
I went to specsavers the other day.. ...guess who I bumped into? Everyone!
Why did Bill Cosby go to Japan with a bag of roofies? He had Jello fever!
What did the Buffalo say to his son that was leaving for College? Bison
me: ""4,000 for a beehive?"" salesman: ""sir, there are 8,000 bees in there, that's only 50p each"" me: [checking my wallet] ""give me 3 bees""
Fun Fact: If you lie down in an aisle at Walmart for a couple hours, they will tag you and put you in a clearance bin.
How do you play Iraqi bingo?  F18...B52...F18
What's the difference?? What's the difference between Cinderella and Princess Diana?  At midnight Cinderella's car didn't turn into a wall.
Save the date! Someone is trying to ruin it by having a wedding.
Forget waterboarding... I'm ready to tell this damn popcorn kernel stuck in my tooth everything it wants to know.
good news and bad news. bad news is the dog pissed on the bed ""we don't have a dog"" *smiles getting ready to deliver the good news*
I can't believe how much I cried after that recent episode of the Game of Thrones! ""*There will be no walk of atonement.""* Sigh.
Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary? It runs in your genes!
I like my weekdays like Marx likes his societies. Classless.
Q: What do you call that great feeling of satisfaction you get when you finish your homework? A: The aftermath.
What is worse than finding a worm in your apple? Being raped by a giant praying mantis.
What's it called when the queen farts? Helium Neon Argon Krypton Xenon Radon
As soon as I walk in, I can feel every woman at the gym dressing me with their eyes.
""We're going to need a bigger pocket."" - iPhone 6 Plus
How Can You Tell It's Fall In Florida? When the color of the license plates start to change.
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Disco Barbie ...dressed in chiffon
I have a new word for vibrator ... selfie stick
Sometimes I leave a trail of pizza crumbs around the house so I can find my way back to the TV
Did you hear about the lawyer selling moonshine from a van outside the courthouse? He was disbarred.
If only there were mosquito nets in Africa... We could save millions of mosquitoes from dying needlessly of AIDS.
This is Bill Bill has a wife Bill isn't scared of his wife & says what he wants when he.. This is Bill's wife Bill is no longer available
Knock Knock Who's there ! Costa ! Costa who ? Costa lot !
Technically... It's only illegal when you get arrested.
Genders are like the twin towers There used to be two of them and now it's a really touchy subject
What does Egyptian airport security have in common with Los Angeles airport security? Both have LAX security.
[nsfw] This is the worst joke I have heard.... What's the difference between an apple and a dead baby? You don't cum on an apple before you eat it...
What is the quickest way to get Trump out of The White House?? Put Monica Lewinsky in there. She's not the hero we deserve, but she'd be da real MVP we need right now.
Knock Knock! *Who's there?* Dwayne. *Dwayne who?* DWAYNE DA BAFFTUB!! I'M DWOWNIN'!!
Shutdown Apocalypse Update: GPS is down. Using a refrigerator magnet as a compass. I think it's just pointing to another refrigerator.
Why do we call it politics? Because poly means many and ticks mean blood-sucking parasites.
You haven't truly won an argument until the other person says ""whatever"" !
I got a shopping cart today with 4 working wheels, it was full of lingerie models and self confidence and I was dreaming
Stephen Hawking believes he's solved a huge mystery about black holes ...and he'll keep believing as long as we all play along, ok? He's adorable.
Seems like ladies hate being asked how their Thanksgiving was, no matter how playfully I pat their stomachs.
Just had to ask myself, ""What would a competent person do in this situation?""
[during sex] HER: this isn't working out ME: *putting sock puppet away* was it something he said?
Want to know how to make your PC faster? Paint it black.
What do bees chew? Bumble gum.
I go in hard, I come in soft, you blow me. What am I? Gum.
Doctor: That deafness cure help your brother? Archie: Sure did! He hadn't heard a sound in years and the very day after he took that medicine he heard from America!
So a man is alone in a forest And if his wife isn't around to hear him. Is he still wrong?
I've been calling my wife ""honey"" for 12 years because I don't know how to tell her I forgot her name.
What do you call a guy who hangs out with a bunch of musicians? A drummer.
He was next in line at Starbucks. Then she cut in front of him. Liam Neeson in TAKEN 3: SKINNY VANILLA MAYHEM.
Bet you can't guess my favorite hue Hue Jackman
I hate gingerbread. If I owned a bakery, I wouldn't tolerate gingerbread. I'd be like, ""Get outta here, you redhead. Your money isn't good here.""
What do Indian Flowers grow? Patels.
Reddit is going orange From what I hear it's a new black.
Q: What did the writing utensil take for his high sugar level? A: Pencil-in.
What's the difference between a white Jew and a black Jew? The black Jew has to sit in the back of the gas chamber.
My wife just cleaned out her purse. So, she'll be having a garage sale later this week.
I just found the worst page in the entire dictionary... What I saw was disgraceful, disgusting, dishonest, and disingenuous ...
why did Hitler kill himself because he saw his gas bill
I tried to offer my school administrator a bribe But he was too principled
Knock Knock Who's there? Doris. Doris who? Doris locked, that's why I'm knocking!
What do you call a woman who's not wearing underwear? A barracuchi.
Every function without you will always be void of love.
Running out of space for your porn collection? Just download midget porn, it's half the size
Tombstone: Here lies Houdini 2nd Tombstone: Now I'm over here
whats the difference between Michael Phelps and adolf hitler Michael Phelps can finish a race
Told my grandma that some chimps and monkeys are learning to hunt with Spears. She responded with ""what? Are they gonna join isis too?""
If the Pottery Barn didn't want me to bring my goat in the store, they shouldn't have called it a barn.
I once new a guy that worked at a tool and die company... ...He was hit with a tool, and died
What Does a Duck Smoke? ( _)&gt
What did the three holes in the ground say? Well, well, well My grandpa's favorite joke. Took me five years to get it.
What's the difference between George Zimmerman and Trayvon Martin? Zimmerman can dodge a bullet.
What do you call it when fish stop having babies? Minnow-pause
What did the blonde say when she looked down at her bowl of Cheerios? Look, donut seeds!
Computer: Login failed. Did you forget your password? Me: oh shi-- [Cut to my password waiting alone on the side of a soccer field]
Yesterday, my Muslim friend ask me if I want to breakfast together It was stupid to wait at his door on 9am.
Monica Lewinsky turns 39!! They grow up so fast...seems like yesterday she was crawling around the White House on her hands and knees puting everything in her mouth!!!
Damn, girl! Are you Iocane Powder? Because I've spent the last few years of my life building up an immunity to Iocane Powder. So, yeah...
What's the difference between an all girls soccer team and a tribe of pygmies? One is a bunch of cunning runts.
I saw my ex girlfriend broken down with two flat tires this morning which made me late for work... Nine times I drove past before she noticed me laughing at her.
Those ""Speed Enforced by Aircraft"" signs don't understand how eager I am to get pulled over by an F-16.
Mummy! Mummy! Have you seen my Cabbage Patch  Doll? Be quiet and finish your coleslaw!
What do you call a hatred for large plants? Bigotree
MY NECK, MY BACK, A STRANGER TOOK MY CAT
What do you call a cancerous growth on a clown? A *humor*.
My dad I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker. But when I got home, all the signs were there.
What do you call a Mexican in quick sand? Quatro Sinko
Where do you party on a ship? Where the funnel be!
My wife's a biology teacher... This morning she asked how I wanted my eggs. I told her, ""Ovariesy.""
I feel like aging is a lot easier for unattractive people.
How would it be living in an only men city? I think it would be tight at first, but then it would loosen up after a while.
We have to break up. What? Why? It's not Staryu... it's Starmie.
Why is the United States always in political disarray? It's a nation without a litre.
How do you tell if your gas station attendant is a former porn star? Right before he finishes pumping your gas he takes it out and sprays it all over your car
What do a coffee pot, Irene, and the reigning Stanley Cup champions have in common? They're a-Brew'in!
""I just called to say I love you."" -Stevie Wonder not understanding how prank calls work
My math teacher called me average How mean.
What do you call phrases that Jews often say? Judaisms.
Joined Match.com... And all I got was a lit cigarette
What game do 18 dogs like to play during the summer? Woofleball
The difference between a rock band and a jazz group The rock band will play 3 chords in front of 1000 people. The jazz group will play 1000 chords in front of 3 people.
It's like my pastor always says, ""Who are you and why are you stealing wine?""
Heard the one about the wealthy lesbian prostitute? She makes money hand over fist
I was going to tell a gay joke. Butt fuck it!
Imagine a world without war where we remember scientists and artists.
How to legalize animal poaching ? Drop a kid in their zoo enclosure.
Brazil is getting slaughtered I can't take it an Neymar
Why was the math book sad? It had a lot of problems
Setp 1: Learn Spelling
Two lawyers are sitting in a bar... ... When a hot blonde walks in. The one lawyer says, ""Man, wouldn't you like to screw that?"" and the other lawyer replies, ""Outta what?""
What do you call a guy with no legs at your front door? Matt
Sometimes you have to choose between what is hard and what is easy Luckily for you I'm both right now
How does ISIL prefer their eggs? Sunni side up at first. But they always end up scrambled.
Whenever I see a middle-aged guy trying desperately to hang onto his youth, I always think ""I should move this mirror"".
I told my chef wife that if she were to leave me... please leave me one of your incredible cupcakes. She replied...""I won't dessert you.""
You know you're in your 30's and single when you automatically look for wedding rings even while watching porn.
The other day I got pulled over, and when the cop walked up I pulled out my 9mm Once he stopped laughing he wrote me up for indecent exposure
What do you calll a woman that people sit on ? Cher !
A Priest and a Rabbi were walking down the street. They spied a young boy playing up the street. The Priest said to the Rabbi, ""let's go up and fuck that boy"". The Rabbi said ""out of how much"".
So an Irish man walks out of a bar...
Anybody wanna play Pearl Harbour? I lay down and you blow me to heavens!
I like to bring bags of winter clothes into strip clubs and tell them to cover up. Then yell how they're embarrassing the family.
Why was Santa's little helper depressed?  Because he had low elf esteem.
April is alcohol awareness month.....I think we're all aware. Cheers!
What do Russians and gays have in common? They both like bears.
I hate it when I go to bed and forget to turn off my swag.
A man came to my door earlier and asked for a small donation towards the town's new swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water
My friend can talk about auto-erotic asphyxiation til he's blue in the face.
When I hear someone complain that their towns are boring with nothing to do, all I hear is a boring person who doesn't know how to have fun.
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest? An in""vest""igator :D
I've adjusted my insults to be more pc Instead of calling people gay, I call them straight.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need 1 nail to hang the picture
I was doing the dishes and i realized.. If we could cover our Military vehicles in dried egg yolk we would be unstoppable.
Black people love boom boxes .. I hate to generalize, but it's their stereotype 
I'm going to hire a Priest, a Doctor and a Rabbi to walk into a bar together just to see WTF happens. Backup Plan: I'll also bring a horse.
Why is it called PMS'ing? Mad cow disease was already taken.
What do jehovah's witnesses believe in? That I will open the door
Two Jihadis Walked In to a bar They didn't blow it up.
""I wasn't that drunk..."" ""Dude, you threw an Iphone in your blender and screamed 'I WANT APPLE JUICE!' ""
When you gaze into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you, wraps a towel around itself and screams oh wait that's my neighbor haha Hi Pam!
I called that Rape Advice Line earlier today. Unfortunately, it's only for victims.
What has a 10 foot neck four legs and loves money. A Jewraffe
Everybody keeps downvoting my racist jokes It's like a load of black people have suddenly gotten laptops or something.
Why are there so many doctors in India? Because about 20 million people are Sikh.
What do you call a German with a cold?
Just to clarify: If original content is about Carlos Mencia, is it a repost?
*ding* This is your captain speaking. We... Is this what my voice sounds like? Nobody told me! Haha, wow, weird. We're out of fuel.
I recently turned 18 and got an eye test Kind of bummed I didn't get adult super vision
Kid says ""mommy how come I'm black and your white? Mom says ""listen the way I remember that party you're lucky you don't bark""
I get suicidal when I play guitar So I don't fret about it Sorry [8]
I can't wait until humans move to a new planet and someone says, 'Remember having 24-hour days?' and some jerk responds, 'First world problems.' -Geoffrey Asmus
What do you call a medical student that graduated at the bottom of his class with a 2.0 GPA? A doctor
Why doesn't democracy work in china? Because no one wants to hold an erection.
What's the difference between sex and conversation? You don't know? Well let's go have a discussion...
Why are vegans so salty? To hide the fact that their food has no flavor.
Where assholes go to die The cheap toilet paper section.
Why isn't Half-Life 3 coming out? Because 2 Half-Lives = 1 whole life.
Why did the knight stop fighting after all his limbs had been chopped of? He'd been unarmed and defeated
Pillow fights didn't last as long in the Stone Age.
What do you call a dog that does magic? A labracadabrador
Why did the Irishman only put 239 beans in his soup? Because one more would have been too farty.
new book out: ""How I Fell Off a Cliff"" by Eileen Dover
Racist comments... Just like grandma used to make
I've lost all ability to feel... I'm numb.... I'm starting to slip away... I look forward to the empty, meaningless void Now pull the damn tooth, Doctor
Do scooby got a booty? Scooby doo.
Why did the cowboy buy a dachshund? So he could get a long little doggy!
Why are muslim people so kind-hearted? Because they don't live long, especially when they're a bomb
The past, the present, and the future... The past, the present, and the future walked into a bar together. It was tense.
I'm sitting in a booster seat in the back of a minivan because I want to teach my kids right and my 8yo called shotgun fair & square.
I bought my wife some gloves and a sex toy for her birthday if she doesn't like the gloves she can go f*ck herself
(to kid at lemonade stand) i ain't buying shit until i find you on yelp
What's black brown and white black brown and white brown and white etc.? A Gorilla riding down a snowbank!
How do you throw a party in space? You planet
Do you know a favourite expression used by the Gorillas? Apesy daisy!
Q: Why couldn't the blonde manage to make Ice-Cubes? A: She couldn't find the recipe.
Why did the plane crash? The pilot was a potato.
I was talking to my ex and she got the wrong end of the stick. The end that had been sharpened to a fine point.
That moment when you gently throw your phone onto your bed and it decides to bounce off 3 walls, hit a lamp and kill a cat.
So i was talking to my friend who's a dyslexic philosopher And he says to me ""You know what, recently i've been wondering if there really is a dog""
I entered a joke contest and to increase my chances of winning I submit 10 jokes.... Unfortunately I didn't win, no pun in ten did...
""Great speech! Have you thought about giving it from behind a wooden box for some reason?"" - podium salesman
Anal with my girlfriend made my whole day But it made her whole week.
BREAKING: Israel Planning Surgery to Have its Dick Removed From GOP candidates Mouths
""Hold the door!!!"" ""What door?""
It's pretty amazing that I'm able to balance my two kids, my career as a doctor, and my pathological lying!!
Reddit is a really blue community... ...because everyone is really sad about all the ""reddit is green"" reposts.
Saw this in a Textbook today What's the best part about having sex with 28 year olds? There's 20 of them
Set of jumper cables walks into a bar... The bartender looks them up and down really slow and says, OK, I'll serve you, but don't be starting anything.
What do you call it... when an old man cums all over you? Viagra Falls My wife just made up this joke and wondered if she actually made it up or if she is just not remembering where she heard it.
Autocorrect has been around for centuries, I got mine when I married my wife.
How do you get 50 Canadians out of the swimming pool? Say, "" Everyone out of the pool please.""
If I knew you in high school and your Facebook profile picture is a baby I'll assume you're Benjamin Button and unfriend you.
You remember those yardsticks? They don't make them any longer.
I decided to sell my Hoover... Well, it was just collecting dust.
What do u call a gay dinosaur? A mega-sore-ass
Why is suicide illegal? Because no one wants to clean up your mess.
Is the bakery hiring? Cause I think I'll knead a little bit of dough to get by.
Still suddenly panicking that you haven't done your homework on Sunday evenings, despite being in your thirties
Why Did Donald Trump Get Fired When He Was a Carpenter? He wouldn't take down any walls.
Fuck. We're gonna be known as the generation that loved autocorrect fails
Word. ~ Microsoft.
My dyslexic friend sobbed uncontrollably as he confessed that he kept spelling his own name backwards I really do feel for Bob.
(Very) dirty joke time: How does a mother in West Virginia know when her daughter is on her period? Her son's dick tastes like blood.
I blame our unhappy marriage on my wife mostly because of her poor choice in men.
What do you call a lazy fan of the old Price is Right? a Barker Lounger !
Kim Kardashian just had a miscarriage... Her next show is going to be called 'Mopping Up After A Kardashian'
What do Australians use for sun burns? Aloe, mate. I'm sorry
What did the elephant say to the man? How do you breathe through something so small?
When should I borrow the Fatboy Slim joke from the library? Right about now, funk soul brother. Check it out now, funk soul brother.
A walk of shame is always sad. Don't make it worse by adding the sound of Flip flops to it.
I wonder if in 100 years, ghosts of today will spell out ""swag"" or ""bae"" on the Ouija boards
The Native Americans used to trust the white man, now they have their reservations.
No thanks, babies. If I'm going to let something inside of my body that's going to destroy my figure, it'll be cheese, bread and booze.
What do lesbians in Alaska sing? What would you do ew ew in a Klondike bar.
I use someone calling me during a phone call as an opportunity to hang up on both of them.
Me: There is a small tree on fire. 911: Could you describe it? Me:Picture shrubbery...now picture it engulfed in flames.
Johnson, Clinton, and Trump are lost at sea. Who wins the election? America.
How come Django's wife never hears Django coming? The D is silent.
I need to get something off my chest... It's called breast cancer. I'm so sorry.
Brain: He mentioned marriage again. You know what to do. *sets phone on fire*
What do wizards call unmagical African Americans? Niggles
A man was walking on a nude beach... A man with a foot long dick was walking on a nude beach when he was arrested by the police. The charge? Weapons of Lass Destruction
What do you call someone who supports Hillary? Paid off.
Hummingbirds are just regular birds that can't remember the lyrics.
How do you know when your BBQ is ready in Canada in April? The snow on top of it has melted.
Sex through the ages: Age 20-30: Tri-weekly Age 30-40: Try weekly Age 40-50: Try weakly
So it's my birthday and my parent sang me happy birthday. Mom: ""Happy birthday to you!"" Dad: ""Happy birthday to you!"" Mom: ""Happy birthday to you!"" Dad: ""You were born because your mom sniffed glue.""
I named my penis Truth... Because bitches can't handle it!
Why are redneck murders hard to solve? No dental records and the DNA is all the same.
Why did the T-Rex get hammered at noon? Because he's a Wino-saur!
Did you hear about the Power Plant that was bad for the environment all year? He got coal for Christmas.
Who do you think was sent to cover the story of the baby lion born in the zoo? A cub reporter.
""I love you unconditionally*."" -God *Terms and conditions apply. See Bible for more details.
Only my husband would walk up to my gynecologist in Costco, point at me, give him the two thumbs up while grinning and say, 'Nice one, huh?'
It's a sad moment when you realize the trash goes out more often than you do.
I was touched by Jesus once Worst field trip to a Mexican prison ever
What's better: A Parachute Jump or a BJ of a 90 year old? doesn't matter... must not look down..
There was a pregnant woman.... She was in labor and the doctor said: 'It's labor day!'
I just got fired for looking up clown videos on my lunch break. My boss didn't buy that ""Lisa Ann gets creampied"" is a clown video
A prostate exam... Is worrying when the doctor shouts ""look no hands!""
I think my girlfriend would be a great presidential candidate, Because she's so awesome at bringing up shit from the past.
two fish in a tank. one says to the other... **how do you drive this thing?**
No one realizes when someone says, ""The last thing I wanna do is hurt you" that basically implies: there is a list, hurting you is on it.
How did the bird get his bluetooth to work? He had to parrot.
I have no beef with vegetarians.
""Why is there a jar of pickles in the bathroom?"" ""I like pickles."" ""Do you eat them when you're on the toilet?"" ""Ewww! EAT them?! Gross!""
What do a call a fish with no eyes A blind fish
Why are fruit rapists seldom found alone? They come in pears
What do you call the child of two parents with downs syndrome? A hand-me-down.
*me at fast food counter* ""hey mister, did this meat bark or meow?"" ""It asked stupid questions.""
Two atoms walked out of a bar. One turned to the other one and said, ""we've got to go back in there, I left an electron"" The other one asked, ""Are you sure?"" He replied, ""Yes, I'm positive""
People complain about auto-correct but it is helpful 99% of the titties.
Me: I'm gonna make you an offer you can't refuse. Him: Ma'am, for the last time, we don't have a limit on how much liquor you can buy.
your call is important to us. like, super important. we all bought new outfits for this call. dave is wearing a wig
A black guy walks into a police station in Florida and he never comes out.
I like my women like I like my coffee.... Ground up and in the freezer.
What do you call a panda who's legs don't work? Pandapalegic
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? None!
Cats are just fuzzy houseplants that hate you.
If you slap a christian girl on the ass... Would she turn the other cheek?
You scream, we all scream, I apologize for entering the womens bathroom.
What did Bruce Lee say about NASA'S discovery WA-TAH!
What kind of bee can't be understood ? A mumble bee !
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
What did the Maple syrup farmer say when he saw a good looking maple tree? ""I'd tap that.""
I asked two Uber drivers to pick each other up and am watching them chase each other in circles around my block until they run out of gas.
There's a reason why ""sober"" and ""so bored"" sound almost exactly the same.
Mission Impossible? He's done four of them now. Let's call it ""Mission Pretty Hard but Ultimately Doable""
Memories. That's how I want to be remembered.
you hear about the indian chief that drank a case of tea he died in his tee pee
What do you get when you combine a rhetorical question and a bad joke?
You hate me? Well okay, grab a chair and wait for me to care.
My therapist advised me to feed and water my kids and cook my plants 3 meals a day. And something about listening.
What's the difference between Santa Claus &amp
Why was the banker bored? Because he lost interest in everything.
Where do you take a sick wasp? To waspital.
The Koala should be classified as a bear It has all the Koalafications
I'd say giving birth to a dead baby is better than having a miscarriage At least your baby's still born?
Is this where you put your jokes? According to my ex wife my career and penis should be here
I'd like to thank my skeletal system for all the support its given me over the years.
Where does a dog go when he loses his tail? A retail store.
I can't figure out if I'm drinking Malibu rum or licking sun tan lotion off skin.
""Donatello choose ur weapon"" ""I'll take a stick"" ""Really not a sword? Nunchu.."" ""A STICK"" ""Ha I guess u wanna wear purple too?"" ""..."" ""Ugh""
What do you call a terrorist from Paris? A Paririst
How many gay men does it take to change a lightbulb? ""Ummm ... forget about the changing the lightbulb, honey, maybe let's start with changing those curtains""
People I live with are hiding my shit. The two most effective hiding places to date: 1) out in the open 2) where I last left it
Why are Cal Tech and MIT constantly Fighting? Because MIT blames Cal Tech for stealing their Feynman, and there will never be another man as Fine.
Whats pink and smells awful? Your mums cunt lol
My doctor gave me a prescription for anti-depression meds but my Bartender is having a hard time reading his writing...
[sees crush] Oh you're going to the mall? Wow weird me too. I totally need a new *tries to think of something at the mall* escalator
What do you call a pig... ...with an unusually high IQ? Einswine
Liam Gallagher was never good in science. When asked to name 3 chemical elements, he said ""Gold and silver and sunshine.""
I should rename myself Summer. All girls want is Summer to come.
The Wizard of Oz, synopsis. Transported to a surreal landscape, a young girl kills the first person she meets and then teams up with three strangers to kill again.
When God closes a door, it usually has my fingers in it.
Why do clowns hate assassins? Because they go for the juggler.
Here's another great Ellen Pao Joke [deleted]
""War Horse"" and ""The Help"" are the SAME movie! I watched them on my laptop and they BOTH have a 90 minute scene where I just check Facebook.
How do the Chinese select their baby names? They chuck a tin can down the stairs Ping Wong  ching  Pang
ME: I hate him with 1/16th of the fibers of my being GUY: Not every fiber? ME: I hate alot of people. I'm not wasting all my fibers on 1 guy
I've become quite independent since my wife left... I just put my second load of washing through the microwave.
*puts sunglasses on a watermelon* *punches watermelon* ""WHERE ARE ALL THE DRUGS!"" *slams hands down* ""WHAT DO YOU MEAN I DID THEM ALL?!""
I was going to tell you a joke about a cow. But its udderly ridiculous
Did you hear about the blonde who stayed up all  night to see where the sun went? It finally dawned on her!
Wanna hear a joke? Lifetime movies.
Paid $50 for a device that has a motion detector that emits a sound to scare off neighbor's cat....she's out there rubbing up against it now
Height of .... Height of Stupidity - Looking through the keyhole of a glass door.. Height of embarrassment - when you find other person looking through the other side of the same keyhole..
I got banned from the hardware store Every time I walk in, all the stud finders start beeping.
Pretty Punny! What did the cat stripper say when she found out she was being replaced by a younger pussy?????? You've gotta be Kitten me!
Whenever someone says, ""It's getting hot in here"" I automatically think, ""So take off all your clothes.
I just said ""bye - bye"" when I ended a phone call, and now I'm debating on if I should have my milk & cookies before or after recess.
Short seal joke A baby seal walks into a club
The first time God made the universe, he skipped leg day. All men were weeping creatures, who ended in bloody torsos and begged for death.
I hate Housework!!! You do the dishes!! You do the Laundry!! ...and then 6 months later you have to do it all over again!
My mom drove her car into a tree. She sure found out how a Mercedes bends.
What did the old Frankish barbarians say to the Roman invasion? [](/dumbfabric)""You don't have the *Gaul* to do it!""
Why did the raging alcoholic throw his wife off a cliff? Tequila
*judge bangs gavel on desk* *judge cooks gavel breakfast in the morning* *judge tell gavel he loves her* *judge marries gavel*
I saw six men carrying a coffin in the cemetery. Two hours later they were still carrying the coffin around the cemetery I thought to myself ""They've lost the plot""
You face Ha got ""em""
Do you know why I have airplane-mode turned on on my phone all the time? 'Cause I'm so fly
Someone posted an ad claiming she can wax my chest without any pain at all. Sounds nice, but I'm kind of nervous. Do you really think she could pull it off?
I like to kiss my girlfriends neck. I guess I'm a neck romancer.
Did you hear about that frog that broke a bone? Yea he broke a ribbet
Why was the volcano so pleasant to be around? Because he was so magmanimous.
Jesus may have turned water into wine But I turned a whole student loan check into vodka
So Trump says he picked a bunch of great people to run the government... But honestly, I've seen better cabinets at IKEA.
What do you call a penis with bad logic? A phallusy.
If someone is jogging at 7am on a Sunday - it's because they've just killed someone right?
You'll know it's true love when you're in your late 30s and have no other options.
Interview Boss: Greatest weakness Me: Sometimes I answer questions with 90s rap lyrics B: Is that here on your resume M: Whoomp, there it is
Pro tip: Wives do not find it hilarious when you add a bunch of extra candles to their surprise birthday cake. I know this now.
My black friend asked me... My black friend asked me if there was a colored printer in the library I said wtf man it's 2015 you can use whatever printer you want
I have my girlfriend a teeth whitening today. Too bad most landed on her chin
Will net neutrality be defeated? Is the Gangnam Style finally over? Is Tupac really alive? Find out on the next episode of Dragon Ball Z
George invited all his friends for a no-masturbation get-together They came within the hour.
Hey people who don't understand sarcasm, what's it like being so awesome?
John: There are places... Paul: I remember George: All my life, though... Ringo: How can antibiotics and pro-biotics both be good for you
For all the bad things that happened this year I sure did get fat.
Why couldn't the radish finish the race? He was just a little beet.
How do you start an insect race ? One two flea - go
I've recently obtained a book on the guidelines of masturbation So far, I've stuck to it.
What did T say to reassure V? ""Don't worry. I'm right behind U.""
What does a dog become after it 6 years old? Seven years old.
I became an atheist when I found out there was a religion that prohibited bacon.
Judge: ""Reason for divorce?"" Me: ""Reconcilable differences."" Judge: ""Don't you mean irreconcilable?"" Me: ""Ugh. You sound just like her.""
There are 10 types of people in this world Those who can read binary and those who can't.
cop: ""sir im afraid your dog is too cool for this neighbourhood"" me: [turns his little baseball cap round right way] cop: ""ok that's better""
What does Gordon Ramsay say when he gets a rash? IT'S FUCKING RAW!
Latest news from the FIFA corruption scandal: Shock announcement from FIFA's Ethics Committee: ""FIFA has an Ethics Committee""
According to HR, white people aren't issued a race card, and they'd appreciate if I went back to my desk. *shrugs*
I hate three things (1) Posting on /r/Jokes (2) Lists (3) Irony
If i was the Grinch, I wouldn't steal Christmas. I'd steal you.
What do we want? Race-car noises! When do we want them? Neeeeeeoooooowwwwwwwwwwwwww!
I'm really regretting getting that discount circumcision... ...it was a total rip-off!
What do you say when you are comforting a grammar nazi? There, Their, They're
Wearing a pretty new bra today that nobody else is gonna see, so everytime I go to the bathroom, I flash myself in the mirror.
What do you do when a horse breaks down? Call triple neighhh!
I was gonna go as myself for Halloween this year... But after Trump's comment, I think I'm gonna get grabbed a lot
I walk around with a hockey bag filled with dildos & chihuahua's just in case Paris Hilton fires her assistant and is looking for a new one.
Just realized that my spirit animal is Winnie the Pooh. Two words: No pants.
Did you hear that AIDS isn't spread by a virus? Yeah! It's spread by a fungi!!
What do you call a poster of a sexy pepper? A jalapinup
Things Michael J. Fox would be good at Grating Parmesan cheese.
Money cant buy happiness . . . but somehow, its more comfortable to cry in a BMW than on a bicycle.
I just got carded at Forever 21. This is bullshit!
There's a little ""I'm jealous"" in every ""whatever.""
Why don't they make bouncy houses for adults? You'd spill your drink.
[pulls away from kissing] do you ever pretend nfl players with dreadlocks swinging around under their helmets are predators
I lost 50 pounds in two days Im never playing poker again
Damn girl, are you today's date? Because you're 10/10 I know we've been doing anti-joke pick up lines but this only comes once a year.
What did the halal lettuce say to the halal cucumber ? Lets make salat
Me: I grew a beard once & It actually looked just like yours. Him: Why'd you shave it off? Me: I just told you...
How do you throw an egg at the wall without breaking it? With the chicken still around it
""I shit you not"" - Yoda claiming dibs on the bathroom
Which kid? Wife: Honey, i think you don't love our kids equally. It seems you have one that gets less love from you. Husband: Really? Which kid do you mean? Karl, Tina or the fat one
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? Trick question. Feminists can't change shit.
What's the speed limit of sex? 68 Because at 69, you flip over and eat it.
Wish I could focus on anything with even half the intensity of my dog watching me eat yogurt.
I suspected my marriage was in trouble when I'd meet my husband for dinner then we would both race home to make out with the babysitter.
I love getting kisses from my dogs but, I'm starting to worry about the one who keeps trying to give me the slow tongue.
Did you hear that Ellen Degeneres just drowned? They found her face down in Ricki Lake
I really like the concept of train tickets. It's an idea I could get onboard with.
Why don't women wear skirts during winter? They'll get chapped lips!
Have you heard about the first restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Two pieces of asphalt are at a bar A piece of red asphalt walks in. One says to the other ""watch out for him, he used to be a cyclepath"".
The guys that taught me every medicine joke I know just arrived at my doorstep. I decided to in-vitamin.
Why will you never see a stag on the internet? They like to stay anony-moose
What do you get when you vaporize a king? A noble gas.
I took some pictures of my girlfriend's butt this morning I'm saving them for posteriority.
How can you tell if there's a mosquito in your bed? By the ""M"" on his pajamas.
A crow once made plans to hang out with me, but he never showed up... ... because he got arrested for attempted murder.
I was eating at a nice dinner last night and realized that we spend a lot of money on something that is just going to turn to shit. But enough about my romantic relationships.
He was a good dog. He was a beautiful, very good dog. Who was a good dog? Who's a beautiful, good boy? Was it you? It was.Dog obituary
Fish and chips joke I draw the line at having fish and chips for breakfast I mean, there's a time and a plaice
THE TASTE OF A NEW GENERATION What do Brittany Spears and PEPSI have in common? They both have plastic juggs.
Riding with Uber earlier.. The driver said, ""I love my job, I am my own boss. Nobody tells me what to do..."" Then I said, ""Turn Left.
My dad wants to open a funeral home.. Doss Family Mortuary : ""We'll take care of your stiffies for you""
You know what would be a good name for a cocaine delivery service company? Instagram
What body movements alert you that a politician is lying? His lips are moving.
A giraffe walks into a bar. He slides up to the bar tender and says ""High balls are on me"".
There is no such thing as Internet stalking. Stalking requires physical activity. Fun activity like softly brushing your hair at night Sarah
[Coffee line] *Sees cute barista* *Twirls hair* No whipped cream please *Sees his backward sunglasses* *Drops hand* Never mind. Load it up.
The other night I had a dream I was being wanked off by a Ghost. I was scared stiff.
How do you know you're speaking with an engineer? Don't worry they'll tell you.
I see said the blind man As he picked up his hammer and saw.
A short poem for y'all... ""*Roses are black* *Violets are black* *Everything's black* *Even I am black*"" - Stevie Wonder
I just joined Twitter
Daddy what is a transvestite? Ask your mommy He knows it.
Creed is Alter Bridge with a stapp infection.
How do blonde braincells die? Alone. 
My psychologist says I have trouble identifying my emotions Not quite sure how I feel about it
The restraining order doesn't mean we can't hang. It just says I can't get within 50ft of you. You wanna play catch or Frisbee or something?
Eating a full box of chocolate is like shi# posting. After some time you get a lot of backfire and takes a lot of time to get yourself clean.
Did you hear about the girl who went fishing with three guys? She came back with a red snapper.
Have you heard about the guy who reanimated the dead? He made Mary Shelly roll over in her grave.
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The number of occupants exceeds the maximum allowable number for fire safety, and thus the bartender throws them out.
How to be an asian... Just squint your eyes and say ""We all how smaw deek"" out loud.
[NSFW] If you masturbate with a rowing stick... Will you have an orgasm?
What do you call a fish without any eyes? Boneless chicken
The man who invented distorted mirrors has died. His funeral will be held in asymmetry.
They say the best things come in small packages So I fucked a midget
Famous last words (silence)
Remember that time you were reluctant to test my latest invention ""amnesia pills"" but did anyway? ""No"" excellent.
A murderer, sitting in the electric chair, was about to be executed. ""Have you any last requests? asked the chaplain. ""Yes" replied the murderer. ""Will you hold my hand?""
What do you call an overweight homosexual? Jigglypuff.
I'm so done with Apple products! Their phones can't do jack...
Eventually Adobe is going to release a software application that does nothing but update itself.
Why do Jewish men get circumsized? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't at least 30% off.
I was going to get a cheap circumcision but I realized it was a rip off.
How to tell if she's odd... ...she can't even.
I, too, am shocked Ted Cruz has had sex. I just assumed his kids were born when he ate after midnight and got wet like in the movie Gremlins
Why didn't Jesus like to play hockey? He didn't like getting nailed to the boards.
I always get homophone and homophobe mixed up. I just know that one of them secretly likes caulk.
Customer spelling her name: Me: Is that V as in Victor or Z as in Zebra? Her: Z as in Xylophone. And this, kids, is why education is key.
Rand Paul's debate strategy has been leaked. He's going to filibuster the GOP debate.
If you ever travel to Italy, you have to try their famous food called ""Pasta" which I believe is Italian for ""Pizza.""
""No way."" -Jose
Pickle bread How do you make pickle bread? You use dill dough.
Chuck Norris built a better mousetrap, but the world was too frightened to beat a path to his door.
If you follow the rules of grammar, people will always help you. If you don't, your on you're own.
Never ask white Americans what their ethnicity is unless you wanna hear a list of every European country and meaningless fractions.
I just seen someone update their status on Facebook to ""I Wish Every Guy Was Like Jack From The Titanic."" What... Dead at  the bottom of the ocean?
How did Marty McFly react when shown what 2015 would really look like? Gee, it's hard to say, although he did seem pretty shaken up about it.
When life hands you lemons make sure those lemons aren't evidence in a murder that life's trying to frame you for.
Democrats must be so thirsty Cause of all the salt.
I just dropped my iPhone in liquor, and now Siri is slurring her words, won't stop talking, stumbling and trying to have sex with me.
So apparently Justin Timberlake is going to write a song for all the people that have been devastated by the crisis in Ukraine. It's going to be called 'Crimea River'.
Man goes into the store... ...and he's quite startled by what he sees. The clerk has these great bushy eyebrows. Horrified, the man stutters, ""Can eyebrows your inventory?""
<---- Wonders if aliens just call their ride a FO instead of UFO.
How do neurons communicate? Cell phones
No one is completely useless... You can always be used as a bad example.
My fast joke Are you a human or a dog
What's black, white, and red all over and can't turn around in a narrow hallway? A nun with a spear through her head.
My body is a temple... And it's devoted to Dionysus. Cheers.
I once played the back end of a wasp in a pantomime play. But I thought I was the bees' knees...
The 9-year-old in me thinks life is all about fun. But then I think, how long is it gonna take to digest this kid? I'm a huge python, btw.
It's been a big year for my ten-year-old. Two months ago, he attended his first confession.... .... It took the cops four hours to break him. He's got some willpower, that kid!
What's an emo's favorite file type? .rar
What do you call a chiropractor in Egypt? A cairopractor.
[Walks into a bar] A forgetful women of three children walks into a bar, intensely focused on knitting a sweater for her eldest... Whoops, wrong thread.
Who stole the cookie from the cookie jar? greg.
What kind of jackets do Audiophiles wear? FLAC jackets
Shot my dog 's'mornin' Farmer: ""Shot my dog 's'mornin' Friend: ""Were he mad?"" Farmer: ""Twernt too pleased.""
Do your socks have holes in them? No? Then how did you get them on?
Do you know why cows have hooves instead of feet? It's because they lactose!
Jewish Pizza What is the difference between a jew and a Pizza? The pizza does not scream when you put it in a oven.
Why can't unicorns play soccer? Because they don't exist
What's the difference between Heath Ledger and Heath Ledger jokes? Heath Ledger jokes can get old....
I just spent 15 minutes searching for my phone in my room, using my phone as a flashlight...
Why was the bumble bee wearing a yamaka? Because he didn't want to be mistaken for a WASP
When life gives you lemons....a simple operation can give you melons. All the joke is in the title, so you can save that click.
Why did Rosemary get kicked out of the spice rack? For swallowing Poppy's Seed
Why do java coders wear glasses? Because they don't C#
I refuse to lower my standards to accommodate those who refuse to raise theirs.
The south was reported to have more Ashley Madison users than any other region in the U.S. I guess family isn't always enough.
How do you make a hamburger smile? Pickle it gently!
There is nothing in the world that lowers your IQ faster than trying to use someone else's coffee machine.
A bum gets on a bus and walks past a nun. The nun says ""youre going to hell"". The bum yells ""Damn, Im on the wrong bus"" ! :D
Here's how pessimism works. It never works.
Why don't Baptist preachers color their hair? They just pray the gray away
What do you call a store that sells terribly made Nun appeal? The Bad Habit.
How many potato's does it take to kill an Irishman? None.
A man once offered me a job selling fog, but I said no Looking back, I think it was a mist opportunity.
Santorum I thought he didn't believe in pulling out?
TV is the best girlfriend Because, no matter what happens, I can always turn it on.
If I could set people on fire with a single stare, a lot of innocents would die. ""Sorry sir, we are closed."" FIRE! ""Good morning."" FIRE!
Why was Santa sacked two days before Christmas? Elf and safety
I was on my way to commit a heinous act of religiously motivated violence but then I saw a Coexist bumper sticker
What do Nazi marijuana farmers say to their employees? BALE HYDRO!!
A joke I made up yesterday . . . Relationships are like socks. They're cool with me, as long as they are the same color.
An asian woman gets into car and starts driving... thought you'd enjoy that one.
My friends won't get margaritas with me anymore because I get drunk & start saying everything is ""mexillent"".
Nothing beats a pretty girl with a beautiful singing voice except for Chris Brown
What do you call a slutty egg? Over easy!
JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL! *Car crashes*
Nobody heard those terrorist attacks coming... Never forget the tragic events of mime-eleven
I hate when people tell me to have a safe flight. Like I have a choice. It's either back home, or in a swamp. I'll try really hard to live.
What are the three words that men hate to hear during sex? ""Are you done?""
Did you hear about the dyslexic KKK member? He went around killing gingers.
I had a debate with myself about masturbation... ... On one hand it's feels good. And on the other it feels great!
What is the lactose intolerant man's least favorite chore? Laun-dairy.
How to make employees fool!!! Each employee will receive 104 Annual Leave days a year ( Wow! said 1 employee). They are called SATURDAYs AND SUNDAYs.
Just saw Elle Fanning. I was blown away.
I finished my culinary class final. It was a piece of cake.
Salesman: Roll up roll up! Come to our  mammoth sale. Mammoth bargains to be had in our mammoth sale.  Customer: Forget it! No one round here's got room in their houses for a mammoth.
Fine Bros can't sue metal beams, Because they don't react to jet fuel.
My parents once made me smoke a whole pack of cigarettes in one sitting. To teach me about brand loyalty.
How do you know if somebody's Christian? Don't worry, They'll fucking tell you.
A baby seal walks into a bar. The bartender says, ""What will you have?"" The seals says, ""Anything but a Canadian Club.""
Thanks for always acting surprised by breakfast in bed like you slept right through the great pots and pans avalanche of 6:45 AM.
I want to write a sexually charged novel with an FBI twist. *Fifty Raids A Day*
I'll tell you what I know about midgets and dwarves. Very little
They say they're free weights, but the gym gets pissed if you put them in your car and leave.
Funny school joke Teacher: whoever answers my next question, can go home. One boy throws his bag out the window. Teacher: who just threw that?! Boy: Me! I'm going home now.
What do you get when you cross an orthodontist and a secret agent? It's confi-dental
Told my coworker I want a dragon. He said I'm crazy for wanting anything that might set all my shit on fire but he's the one that's married.
Guerrilla Glue It only works when you don't look at it.
Mozart, Beethoven, and Schwarzenegger are getting ready to throw a Halloween party. Mozart turns to Arnie and asks, ""what's your costume going to be?"" ""I'll be Bach""
I was told to do what I love I went to sleep.
How do you stop your children from smoking? Slow down and use some lubricant.
Americans may not get this... Healthcare
The pun-ishment of notes When notes get in treble, bass-ically they get put behind bars. The alto-nate punishment is to push them off a clef and hope they land flat on sharp objects.
Two Gay Men Walk Into A Bar One sits down, the other says ""Can I push your stool in?""
Marriage is like walk in park.... and the name of this park is ""Jurassic Park""
Why did the guitarist get arrested? For fingering A Minor
WHY DID THE HIPPOPOTAMUS NEED HIS VENTILIN? BECAUSE HE WAS HIPPOVENTILATING!
If I played Edward Scissor Hands in paper, rock, scissors every once in a while I'd throw a paper in there so he wouldn't feel too bad.
Black eye Tom: ""Hey buddy, howya do...whoa! who gave you that black eye? Sam: ""My wife"" Tom: ""I thought she was out of town for the weekend."" Sam: ""So did I.""
take our dunkin donuts survey and be entered to win $50000! question 1: how sure can you *really* be that they are your real parents?
I've never seen an ""outtie"" belly button in all the years of porn I've watched. I'm kinda glad, I don't want my eyes to get poked out.
Please pray for the private school kid whose dad drops him off in a 3-year-old car.
How do you greet a slice of bread in Germany? Gluten tag! Ba-dum tss.
""My girlfriend is 41 years old"" - ""My girlfriend is 41 years old."" - ""Dude, wth?! She can be your mom!!!"" - ""Yes, but she's yours"" - ._.
My dad was walking around the house screaming yesterday.... He kept shouting, ""A, E, I, O, U"". ""What's wrong?"", I asked him. To which he responded, ""Nothing, I just have irritable vowel syndrome...""
Why did the chicken jump into the bag of popcorn? The kernel was looking for him.
Love is not a game. If you think it is, then you're not playing it right.
Just overheard someone say, ""I wish I had a Kindle that never ran out of batteries."" You know. Like a book.
friend gave me an inhaler my friend was dying on the floor and he gave me an inhaler, guess he wanted to give something for me to remember him. weird.
me: ""so is this a date?"" hitchhiker: ""um""
A German man and woman are having sex, and an American walks in... The American shouts ""Gross!"" and turns away. The German man looks toward him and smiles, saying ""Danke!""
My doctor just used a tongue depressor on me so I'm going out for ice cream to cheer the little guy up.
The girl at the RyanAir check-in desk said, ""Window or aisle?"" I replied, ""Window or you'll what?""
My father always said to me ""son it's always best to fight fire with fire""... and that is probably why he was kicked out of the fire service
What did Jack Frost say to Frosty the Snowman? Have an ice day!
I once ate a watch It was time consuming, I didn't go back for seconds.
Me: How are you? Co-worker: *Gives 20 minute dissertation on their gastro infection*
What is the difference between peanut butter and a blonde? The blonde is easier to spread!
If he asks you to be his girlfriend say yes and then hide from him so he can never break up with you.
It did feel good. I used the craziest toilet this morning. It was one of those toilets that shoots water up your butt I forget the name. Bidet, it felt amazing.
Somebody actually complimented me on my driving today. They left a little note on the windscreen that said 'Parking Fine'.
[on a Speed date] pop quiz hotshot, if this date goes below 50 mph it explodes [her] that makes no sense [I mouth a tiny explosion sound]
There are TV shows literally every day so no I am not free to hang out ever.
I had a one-night-stand with a Bernie supporter. I know because I can feel the bern.
What happened to him after she made a joke he fainted
if you love something, set it free. If it immediately bites your throat and drags you up a tree, you love a leopard and should try to escape
did you hear about the new tv crime drama? Criminal Mastermimes: the Silent Killers
I dropped my laptop in the ocean. Now there's a dell rolling in the deep.
I only have sex with the lights off to prevent having to explain some of my tattoos.
What happened in China on Christmas? The Rice-child was born.
What do you call a baseball player who watches porn? A master batter
Why don't cannibals eat divorced women? They're too bitter.
a quick zinger If your uncle jack helped you off a horse, would you help your uncle jack off a horse?
If you don't open your mouth when you yawn, you're a monster. I'm serious. Let that demon go. You're freaking everybody out.
What will happen if you put anal lube where oil should be in your car? I don't really know, but I think it will run pretty shitty
What rock group have four men that don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
Why do Jewish men have to be Circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless its 20% off.
After decorating the house, I spilled cheap vodka on some glitter and dirt I was sweeping up. Now, my house looks like Ke$ha.
9/11 gave rise to ""Truthers"", Obama gave rise to ""Birthers"", so... ... would a movement to determine whether Hillary Clinton actually carries hot sauce in her purse be called ""Saucers""?
What happens when you pet a cat in the opposite direction? You rub them the wrong way
What goes dot-dot-croak dot-dash-croak ?  Morse toad !
I hate all 1970's female solo artists What a bunch of pre-madonnas
Damn girl are you deaf? I said, Damn girl are you deaf?
Me:She's better than me. BF:She's not. M:Look at those, they're incredible! BF: M:STOP STARING! -Boyfriend reading other women's tweets
A homosexual, a pedophile, and a priest walk into a bar. The bartender asks him what he would like to drink.
What did Obama say to Michelle when he proposed? ""I don't wanna be obama self.""
What sound does a Japanese camera make? ""Crick""
As bad as 2016 seems to be, it could be worse... You could have got a phone call from Charlie Sheen.
What is a junkies favorite drink? Hepsi
The reason Santa is so Jolly? Is it because he knows where all the BAD girls live?
When Chuck Norris finishes a joke ... It's called a roundhouse kick line.
Me: Pack your bags.I won the lottery! G/F: Oh my God! What should I pack, beach stuff or mountain stuff? Me: Doesn't matter, just get out.
What do you tell a pornstar right before their video to pump them up? Get your head in the game.
cost of the ice cream my kid threw a tantrum in the grocery store to get: $5 the look on his face when I ate it for dinner: priceless
Took the batteries out of the smoke detector to use in my remote cause I would rather die in a fire than have to get up & change the channel
What did the psychiatrist say to the man who walked into her office wearing only cling wrap? I can clearly see you(')r(e) nuts.
What did the egg say to the boiling water? It's gonna take me a while to get hard. I just got laid by a chick.
Strip search? ... OK, but I'm going to need some background music.
If you were in a race with vegetables You would need to get a head of lettuce
What word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it? Short.
My fish makes so much noise during the night that I wake up six times a night to ask him if we are fighting
Batman threw Two-Face at my car, and now it has a Harvey Dent
Doctor Doctor I'm on a diet and it's making me irritable. Yesterday I bit someones ear off. Oh dear that's a lot of calories !
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Women only call me ugly until they find out how much money I'm making... ...then they call me ugly and poor.
What's black and never works? Decaffeinated coffee you racist fuck.
2 guys walk into a bar The 3rd guy ducks
Why is it... old people say ""there's no place like home"", yet when you put them in one...
You can just walk into a Blockbuster and take a shit on the floor now. It's not even illegal.
I wouldn't be so scared of spiders if they were wearing tiny shoes.
Dance like you won't be turned into a gif.
Why did the storm trooper return his iPhone? Because it wasn't the droid he was looking for!
What is potential energy's favourite season? Summer, because it comes before fall
Two non-english speaking Mexican go to gran central... One of them goes up to the cashier and asks for ""tu tickets plees"". The cashier asks ""one-way?"" To which the Mexican responds ""no, two gueys.""
*hires skywriter* $1 MILLION DOLLARS OR I SKYWRITE GAME OF THRONES SPOILERS!
So I was going to blame my pet ostrich for a crime i committed But my lawyer advised that it wouldn't fly in court.
What do you call a video game that gives cancer? Tombr Aider
I tried to google image search Rorschach tests... but all I could find were pictures of boobs.
I've heard that Americans don't find paedo jokes funny Guess they're just a bit touchy
A man and a woman walk into a bar...
bad news, you have cancer and Alzheimer's Doctor: ""It's bad news, you have cancer and Alzheimer's."" Patient: ""Oh well, it could be worse - at least I don't have cancer.""
Why do you really not want to get pulled over in Ireland? Because the cops are Dublin the fines! (It took me a three hour car ride to come up with this... I am not a clever person)
So, I saw the movie Still Alice last night. It's easily forgettable.
I saw Adele at the train station the other day on the other platform She said 'hello from the other side'
I found a cheap prosthetic arm on Craigslist Secondhand
why don't blondes make good cowgirls? they can't keep their calves together
Why was the dolphin happy and the shark depressed? The sharks life lacked porpoise.
Q: What part of the road is always crying? A: The breakdown lane.
Why do audiophiles nerver loose a fight? Because they're lossless.
Two gay guys are hanging out... Two gay guys are hanging out, and one says to the other, ""Hey, let's play hide and go seek! Loser gets fucked in the ass... I'll be behind the couch.""
Q
Why does the Law society prohibit sex between lawyers and their clients? To prevent clients from being billed twice for essentially the same service! 
What a beautiful day! The sun's shining, the birds are singing, the neighbor's dog is taking a huge crap on my lawn...
[ER] Me: I CANT FEEL MY LEGS AM I DYING DOC? Dr: *loosens my belt*unbuttons my pants* Me: is this appropriate? *blood returns to legs* oh.
It's easier to find the needle in the haystack when you bring a flamethrower. That's a fact, jack. Merica.
advice to my younger self: dont bang that old man on his helicopter he's not joe biden
What is the difference between an elephant and a flea? An elephant can have fleas but a flea can't have elephants !
Why dont orphans like baseball? Because they don't know were home is! XD
What did the man say when the calculator agreed to help him load the car? I KNEW I COULD COUNT ON YOU
I love volcano jokes... They magma lava my ash off.
My mom asked where the remote was and my son told her it was up her ass. She high-fived him and then turned around and slapped me.
When you find a body beneath your floorboards is it face up or face down that's good luck?
My dog keeps whimpering at her empty food bowl. So I put her in another room. I'm not sure what that bowl did to her, but it's obvious it upset her.
I saw a sign that said ""watch for children"" and I thought.. .. ""That sounds like a fair trade""
Why do birds live in nests? Because they can't afford houses in this economy.
I once put a bunch of grapes in a woman's vagina.... She didn't say much, she just let out a little wine.
if you want your wife to take you seriously, don't throw your sippy cup during an argument
When brands use cool words like ""bae"" on social media, I drive straight to their nearest location with all my money, ready to buy products.
[at Waldo's trial] Judge: Jury, how do you find the defendant? Jury: We the jury find the defendant by looking in the top left of the page
I thought I could take my dog with me to the gym today, but it didn't work out.
Did you know, If you get everyone in the UK to lie head to toe in a line across the English channel... ...They would probably drown
One of my stuffed animals just told me I should get back on my meds, I guess someone doesn't want to be part of tea party club anymore.
What don't BMWs have that all other manufacturers do? Turn signals
As I was checking into the hotel I asked, 'Is the porn channel disabled?' The girl at the desk said, 'No, you sick bastard'.
I love hitting F5... It's so refreshing
finally found a way to refer to myself + dog in a way that's creepier than the mother/child dichotomy: FUR HUSBAND and SKIN WIFE
Happy Valentine's Day! So what's everyone doing with their cats tonight??
Every time I drink German beer I wake up with a really bad Hannover.
What's easier to pick up the heavier it is? A girl.
I don't ""fuck"" my wife. I ""make fuck"" to her.
Yo mama so ugly that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
Boss: Are you high? Me: If I was high could I do this? B: What? You aren't doing anything M: sorry I'm super high. What was the question?
Jesus said to love your neighbor, but makes no mention about putting up with their music at 3am.
April showers bring May flowers. And car bombs, suicide bombers, beheadings, etc. Tis the season.
How did the executioner learn about knots? By watching the noose.
What did the Shepard say when he saw the sheep? ""I herd that!""
Doctor: ""Hey, how are you?"" Patient: ""I am good"" Doctor: ""Ok. Next.""
Today I called the rape help line... But apparently it's just meant for the victims.
If life give you melons... You're probably dyslexic.
Why are school shooters more likely to be white people? White people actually go to school. Black people stay home and shoot people in their own neighborhood.
Why was the ghost late to the halloween party? He had to take a sheet.
I'm still learning my pronouns... But that is neither here nor there.
My sense of humor is so dark that my grandmother would have been very unhappy if my sister went on a date with it.
I want you to drag me to the bedroom, softly lay me down, & kiss my neck. Now go clean the house while I take a nap.
What do you call a rich Chinese person ? cha ching
What happens when the fog lifts in California? UCLA.
What do you call an Englishman with an IQ of 50? Colonel, sir. ^ ^
If you don't like my selfies, maybe you shouldn't have such a beautiful friend. Maybe you aren't ready to handle that kind of responsibility
Murphy's law: Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. Cole's Law: Thinly sliced cabbage.
whats the difference between a Ferrari and 5 dead children? i dont have a Ferrari in my garage.
what do you call a 145 million year old swine carcass? Jurassic Pork Ill show^myself^out
Accidentally texted my dad ""have a hood day"" and he shot three people
Mario &amp
""Hello?"" Dad come get me from practice ""Sorry I'm going into a tunnel"" *sound of mom giggling* But I called the *connection drops* ...landline
I guess I just felt safer when Martha Stewart was still in prison.
How many brewers does it take to change a light bulb? Third as many as for a regular bulb.
*Weather changes* BODY: This is weird. Must have an asthma attack. *Anything else changes* MIND: This is weird. Must have a panic attack.
Seriously, soup? If I wanted to drink my lunch I would go to a bar.
In 2012 Kanye made millions from ""Niggas in Paris"" 2016 he lost it to them.
HER: [whispering seductively] tell me your wildest fantasy ME: [also whispering] owning a home
My girlfriends period is on my birthday. Why does she always have to be so anal about everything?
What did the alcoholic 7 get diagnosed with? Heptatitis
After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF!
What do Wesson and KY have in common? Despite it being technically accurate, they'd both prefer you not refer to their products as ""rape oil""
What do you call a meth-head that's been up for 2 weeks? A two-weeker
What do you call it when you tie a brick to a jar of Miracle Whip and throw it into the ocean? ""Sink-o de Mayo""
I like my women like I like my Star Wars. Ruined by George Lucas.
The music teacher at the school my niece goes to was out sick 2 days last week. The school had a dog fill in for her. He was a sub woofer.
Most of life is waiting for whatever you're at to be over.
Bought shoes from a drug dealer Not sure what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day!
I know my wife is cheating with my best friend Her pussy tastes like his dick.
""Poor"" is an odd word because when you put it in front of ""people"" it's sad but when you put it in front of ""bladder control"" it's hilarious
Lenins If life hands you Lenins, start a socialist revolution.
/r/jokes http://i.imgur.com/i9mD9jZ.gifv I don't remember what that link is, used this cuz reddit says I need text here to post.
Women call me The Gold Medal I always finish first.
What's Michael J. Fox's favorite drink? a milkshake
A text from my friend. she:myspacebarisnotworking.canyougivemeanalte rnative? me: what is ternative?
A joke There was a dragon one time who didn't care about shit. It was real mad a lot. It said, ""fuck you"" to just about every one. Except for this one guy who he kinda liked.
Bread lovers of Reddit, how do you tell your ""Sandwich Artist"" that they got your order wrong? Oops, wrong sub
A study have shown that there are actually twice as many boobs than women.
The Japanese soccer team visits an orphanage in Spain. ""It's so sad to see the hopeless looks on their faces"", said Rico, age 6.
I like a lot of different kinds of breakfast, but I only eat one at a time. I'm a cereal monogamist.
How to fall down stairs: Step 1 Step 5 Step 8, 9, 10
How do you make your wife scream during sex? You call and tell her about it.
Next time you are in a restaurant, give this a thought. The fork you are using has been in the mouth of hundreds of people. Now look at the people eating right by you. Scary, right?
To be a hipster is to live in constant suffering You spend all your time in coffee shops, but you always have to drink your coffee before it's cool.
I had a crazy dream last night that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. When I woke up I was, like, 0mg!
I did a theatrical performance on puns... It was a play on words. I'll let myself out.
I want to die quietly in my sleep like my grandad did. Not screaming in terror like his passengers.
What do you call a guy who fucks himself? [Ethan Hawke](http://i.imgur.com/tXrW7HU.jpg).
I remember this from a Monty Python ""My dog has no nose!"" Says one man. His friend asks ""well how does he smell?"" ""Stinky!""
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary Is the amount of time you waste browsing Reddit, loser.
How do the Rolling Stones like their burgers? Plain - Rolling Stones gather no moss-tard!
News: Boy George's reptile bites 5 people in one day.' He needs a calmer chameleon.
What do you say to Floyd Mayweather after his arms have been cut off? Whatever you like.
What is an electricians favorite type of news Current events
A man walk into a bank And yells: THIS IS A ROBBERY And banker replies: It is ,now give me your money.
So embarrassing when you compliment a lady on her large belly and it turns out she's just pregnant.
Why didn't the skeleton go to the party? He had no body to go with.
There's Angie, and then there's Drunk Angie, and one of us tried to make it to Mexico on an exercise bike.
Have you heard the joke about the three rats? It was cheesy
my favorite punchline... ""No, nurse! I said 'slip off his spectacles'!""
I tried kicking the habit today. The nun wearing it is extremely pissed.
Neighbour:How's the wife? Me:Glowing Neighbour:Pregnant? Me:No, she's on fire, just going for more wood Neighbour:You're sick Me:You're next
Who's the idiot that made it Killer whale and not Panda shark
Why are lawyers buried 18 feet deep when they die? Because deep down they're all actually good people.
Cheating at a limbo contest.... that's about as low as you can get!
I call my penis ""Batman"". Girls love it when the Dark Knight Rises.
How do pigs talk? Swine language
Why does Star Wars Movies numbering scheme starts with 4,5,6? Because in charge of the numbers, Yoda was
What do you call a promiscuous woman who travels a lot? Abroad.
Two Heads God gifted man with two heads, but only enough blood to run one at a time.
What do you call a kangaroo who chases rock stars to have sex with them? A kangaroupie.
What do you call a dragon that can't sit still? A wiggle wyrm.
A murderer sitting in the electric chair was about to be executed. ""Have you any last requests? asked the chaplain. ""Yes"" replied the murderer. ""Will you hold my hand?""
Why be fake when being real takes no effort at all?
*trains 1 million soldier ants* *gets carried to work*
Q: What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%? A: Her wedding cake.
What's the funniest type of Mexican food? Fajitahahahas
Just been sacked from my job as a chef for stealing I've always been a whisk taker.
Hope nobody has a video of me trying to get the fourth corner of a fitted sheet over the mattress.
I can't understand the critics  saying that only an idiot would like that television program. I really  enjoyed it.
Bad jokes are like farts... ....better to let them pass.
The plan was to keep eating these alcoholic chocolates until I was either drunk or diabetic. I didn't bargain on ""bankrupt"" being an option.
What did the big cracker say to the little cracker ? My pop is bigger than yours !
How does one sink, that which floats? How does one sync, that which floats? Well, we type case the variable to make sure that both sides of the equation are of type, floats.
So in The Matrix they feed you the liquified remains of the dead through a tube but you get to sleep and be online all day? I'm listening.
What did the amputee say to his mom when he learned to ride a bike? Look ma, no hands!
just read an article about the horrible effects of binge drinking and fuck that im never reading again
My ex has made me dinner.. *gives a bit to the dog first*
Scared the postman by going to the door naked. I'm not sure what scared him more, my naked body or the fact that I knew  where he lived.
We can put a robot on Mars but we can't make a hand rail that goes the same speed as an escalator.
What happened to the blind circumcisor? He got the sack.
What is Spider-Man's favorite rice? Uncle Bens!
Kylo Ren: We must find Luke Skywalker General Hux: Why? He won't fight & you don't need training. Kylo: He might have cool Vader souvenirs
What did the slutty DNA say to the other DNA? Unzip your genes.
What does Donald Trump play most of the time? President Evil.
Shaq just described himself as a geek. The word has officially lost all meaning
John Boehner is lucky Pope Francis didn't splash any holy water on him. He wouldn't have been crying. He would have burst into flames.
Yes, 911, that guy just fed my house letters again.
Me: Objection! The plaintiff is a bologna sandwich! Judge: What? M: I plead insanity. J: You're a juror. Me: Can I go? J: No. M: OBJECTION!
My favorite exercise is a combination of a lunge and a crunch. It's called lunch.
I steal candy bars using slight of hand... You could say I have a few Twix up my sleeve
A bald guy in a turtleneck sweater looks 97% like a roll-on deodorant.
what do you call a fake noodle? An impasta! :D
Did you hear about the man from the experimental group that was arrested? He was out of control.
What's the difference between your mom and a washing machine? If I dump a load in a washing machine it doesn't follow me around for the next few weeks.
hey Liam Neeson is your ""particular set of skills"" gettin shit stolen from you, like, always ?
When my girlfriend and I fight, I tighten the top to every jar and bottle in the house. Just so I can say ""Oh yeah, you need me NOW, huh?""
I've been told I'm not ambitious enough... If only there was an Olympic sport for being a lazy bastard. That bronze medal would be mine.
Knock Knock Who's there ? Chest ! Chest who ? Chest-nuts for sale !
ME: Hey you haven't talked to me lately, are you mad at me FRIEND: No things are just really awful ME: Oh thank god FRIEND: What
Kim Kardashian's ass is ridiculous He's egotistical too
A blind man walks into a fish store ... and says: ""Whats up girls"".
Why did Adele crossed the road? To say hello from the other side.
If you're American going into the bathroom and American coming out of the bathroom... What are you in the bathroom? European
If only the first rule of Vegan club Was not to talk about Vegan club
My girlfriend calls it selective hearing. I prefer to call it drama filtering.
The US flag on the moon lost its color and is now completely white It's now the French flag.
An undertaker and a snake If an undertaker and a snake got married, what would there towels say? Hissss and Hearse
I love rock and roll so put another dime in the juke box baby... then add ninety more cents to play one song.
What did the vampire say to her kids? Eat your dinner before it clots!
Everybody in the village agreed that I did an excellent job of sewing their mouths shut. After I left, they were humming my praises.
i can always see the flash of disappointment n a guy's face when i tell them i have a great relationship with my dad.
Girls named Miranda never think it's funny when you tell them they have the right to remain silent.
Why did the case against the great dessert robber get thrown out? De minimis non curat lex.
Golfer: ""That can't be my ball caddy. It looks far too old."" Caddy: ""It's a long time since we started sir.""
Don't ask God to cure cancer & world poverty. He's too busy finding you a parking space & fixing the weather for your barbecue.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving just isn't for you.
What is Green and Oblong? A well disguised orange!
What does Iphone7 and spermbank have in common? JACK OFF
19 and 20 got into a fight... Now they're facing 123 years on disturbing the peace.
Schrodinger's cat jokes never get old well, they do, but, they don't
What do cannibals call shin meat? Below knee
Whoever put the 'b' in subtle was a clever bastard.
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance By putting it into reverse and fleeing the scene of the accident
9/11 jokes are just... Plane wrong.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and A Black Rapper? Santa stops after three hoes.
A good way to let the audience know a character doesn't ""play by the rules"" is to name her Kat.
The porn version of Interstellar is out ... It's called ""IntoStella"". For the bonus point: in the gay porn version, Matthew McConaughey ends up in Uranus.
*Me, getting my arm bitten off during a zombie apocalypse* 5: *crying* Me: It's okay, son. 5: You said you were gonna get me a snack.
In this moment, I am euphoric. Not because of some phony gods blessing, but because I am enlightened by my... KNAWLEDGE
When I was 18, I wanted to buy a brand new motorbike, but my mother forbid it. She explained that she had a brother who died in a motorbike crash when he was 18, and so I could have his instead.
Eliminate Anime and Islam, and you secure the the existence of western culture for eternity
The only B word you should call a girl is Beautiful Bitches love to be called Beautiful
How do the Kardashians change a broken light bulb They buy a new house
""I need a boyfriend"" No, you WANT a boyfriend. You NEED water, cause you sound thirsty.
I messed up my foot pretty bad. The doctors said it would take a while to heel.
How many lead guitarists does it take to change lightbulb? One. He just stands there with the lightbulb and the whole world revolves around him.
Working at the aluminum recycling plant is the saddest job I've ever had... ... It's just soda pressing.
Silly Political/Finance Joke What do Vladimir Putin, Crude Oil, and the Russian Ruble have in common? They're all going to be 65 this year.
[at a child's birthday party] Lady: which one's yours? Me: uhh, that one L: that's my daughter M: *grabs the cake and runs*
eating Asian pussy all I need was SWEET AND SOUR SAUCE
That Russian guy died today.... I guess that's one we can Chekov the list.
I'd like you to meet my family, my wife Sharon, my son Carl, and this balloon that follows me around
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you.
Did you hear they're making a holistic version of Star Wars? It's based on darth vadar's holistic brother, Ayur Veder.
Why do British people never sound British when they sing?
It takes a second..... Two guys walk into a bar.... you think the second would have noticed. HA.
In the 17th century, villagers would burn down entire neighborhoods to combat diseases such as bubonic plague, typhus, and gluten.
after brexit... After brexit, papers please is the best selling game in the UK
How does the butcher introduce his wife? Meat Patty. (This was told to me by an old man I cut off with my grocery cart at the grocery store).
I'm hesitant to go ahead with my new plastic surgeon since he said he could give me ""the parts of an animal"" I was all gung-ho before, but now he's given me paws
If I'm ever captured as a spy, all they'd have to do to get me to talk is put my house slipper on the wrong foot.
I recently entered a blindfolded masturbation competition... I haven't seen the results yet so I've no idea where I came...
How many feminist does it take to screw in a light bulb? THAT'S NOT FUNNY
Just been on a 'once in a lifetime holiday'... ...never again. [/timvine]
Why does Michael J Fox make the best milkshakes? Because he uses the best ingredients.
Nice try, theatre ad. But some of us don't need to put our phones on silent, for we have prevented calls with our deplorable personalities.
So a guy came into a bar... No... wait, it was a horse. So a guy came into a horse...
Why do black people have white on their palms? There's a little bit of good in everybody.
What's worse than getting AIDs? Having to find out that your dog has AIDs too.
Did you hear about the deformed linebacker? He had 4 sacks.
I REALIZED THAT I AM THE VICTIM After ten years of marriage, the wife asks her husband: - Honey, are you by nature a winner or a loser? - Honey, over the years I realized that I am the victim ...
Why are manhole covers circular? Because Rouleaux triangles are too hard to manufacture. What do you call 8 hobbits? A hobbyte.
What did the cannibalistic lion do? Swallow his pride.
The real reason Washington state passed Gay-marriage and recreational marijuana use. Because the bible says when two men lie together, they should be stoned.
What do white girls and Prime numbers have in common? They can't even..
I just found a piece of pizza in my trash can. HOW DID THIS HAPPEN!! WHO WOULD DO SUCH A THING!!
How many anti-feminists does it take to screw the light bulb? Anti feminists? Nah, they can't screw
[DOG MAGICIAN] think of a color, any color...is it...gray? [OTHER DOG] oh my GOD
Knock-knock
Why did the Eskimo wash his clothes in tide? Because it was too cold out tide.
Yes, autocorrect, I wanted to ask if she was all tight. Thank you. Now I know.
Why did the vampire consider himself a good artist? He liked to draw blood!
We get it. You're Muslim. You don't have to Ramadan our throats.
Every single cat would kill you if it was big enough. Think about THAT when you are deciding between name brand cat food and the generic.
I was getting a handjob from this blind hooker... She told me: WOW! This is the biggest dick I have ever felt! I said ""No way! You're pulling my leg!""
On my birthday my wife suggested I have a threesome... My wife suggested for my birthday I have a threesome. I replied ""Do I get to pick both girls?"" And then the fight started...
What does a German woman dial when a man won't take no for an answer Nein! Nein! Nein!
Co-worker: My husband & I are praying for a baby. Me: You know that's not how you get 1, right? You gotta have sex. What does HR want now?
If your watch is broken why can't you go fishing? Because you don't have the time.
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers and says, ""Five beers please!""
An Irishman walks out of a bar.... What? It could happen.
What do you call a WWII battle that finished it's senior year at communism school? Leningrad
Do you whats amazing? Spiderman
What does heroin make you feel like? More heroin.
Why did the duck cross the basketball court? He heard the referees were blowing fouls... -Jim Norton
A three-legged dog sits down at the bar Orders a whiskey. Bartender asks"What brings you to these parts?"" Dog responds"Lookin for the sonofabitch who shot my paw.'
What does Subway and a Hollywood Tranny have in common? Both offer $5 dollar Foot Longs I'll be here all week cause my car broke down by the shakeys next the aqueduct
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful, hate me because you were the only car in the lot and I parked so close you couldn't open your door.
Why are gay guys always butthurt? Oh yeah.
ople who say they'd go back and change things in their life if they could are pussies, you don't get this awesome without the shitty parts
I'm trying to figure out which iPhone to buy. The black one runs faster, but the white one actually works.
How many people in denial does it take to change a lightbulb ? There is nothing wrong with the lightbulb.
Q: You're on top of Mount Everest. How do you get down? A: Pluck a duck.
Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper? He sold his soul to Santa
A Buddhist monk approaches a hotdog stand and says ""make me one with everything"".
What did the Russian man say to the boy after he did nice for someone? That was *Cher-i-nobyl* of you
Why are most male squirrels gay? Cuz they love nuts!
A Redditor goes on a date.
You say to-MAY-to and I also say to-MAY-to because nobody says to-MAH-to. Nobody.
The World Trade Center had a Speed-Reading club they went thru fifty stories in thirty seconds
A. Why do blondes always smile during lightning  storms? Q. They think their picture is being taken.
Confucius say, many hand make for light work, But one hand make for quick job.
My girlfriend told me that if I ever cheated on her, it would be worse if it was with a black girl. I told her she was wrong. It'd only be three-fifths as bad.
Wonder what a black guy would look like without a diamond earring.
If I had a dollar for every woman that finds me unattractive... ...then after a while they would find me attractive.
DOCTOR: You've suffered a brain injury. It's affected your hippocampus ME:What? Lol sorry I was picturing hippos at college. Who are u again
What does a redneck do on Halloween? Pumpkin
What is red and green, and goes over 3000 miles per hour? A frog in the blender
You know what they say: Finding the right analogy is has hard as hmm...
My mate tried some Walkers mystery flavour crisps last night and swore they tasted like his wife's pussy, He thought it was his imagination but everyone in the pub said he was right!
What do Kermit The Frog'S fingers smell like? Bacon.
Being drunk was nice because it gave me an excuse for why I'm such an asshole.
My roommate said he gets laid ten times more than me. 0x10=0
I run up to the firefighter as he drags another charred body out of my burning home. ""Did you see a zip disk labeled POEMS in there?""
A gambling addict begins his 5th stretch of therapy... ""It failed 4 times in a row, so it's bound to work this time.""
What's the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a pot of glue? You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna.
Whats the difference between a murder and Hamlet performed by geese? Nothing, they're both fowl play
This guy went for an interview with Buzzfeed What happened next will shock you
Two goldfish are in a tank... One turns to the other and says: ""You man the guns, I'll drive""
I said to my girlfriend, ""Please get me a newspaper."" ""Don't be silly"she replied, ""you can borrow my iPad."" That spider never knew what fucking hit it.
I cut my finger on a beer can last night. Now I know how Julius Caesar felt when he was betrayed by his best friend.
Walks into a room - A doctor walks into a patient's room ...and decides to update the chart. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a thermometer and says ""Great! What asshole has my pen?""
What's the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a pot of glue? You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna!
What did the doctor tell the panda bear after the results of his child's paternity test came back? I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the results are a bit grizzly.
If you're having a rough day, remember there are people out there with their ex's names tattooed on them.
What is a pedophile's favourite pair of shoes? White vans.
What's the worst trick you can do to your blind brother? Leave the plunger in the pot.
The definition of Halloween: Halloween: the holiday when children vandalize your yard with toilet paper, then are rewarded with candy the next day.
Doctor: You appear to have potassium poisoning. Mario: But I've avoided bananas my whole life!
Curiosity doesn't kill anything, stupidity does.
Why couldn't anyone trust the snowman to do anything? He was kinda flakey
You are riding a horse. There is a giraffe beside you and a lion chasing you. What do you do? You get your drunk ass off the carousel. Edit: *off Thanks captain.
The student asked his sensei: ""Why do you fight using only your feet?"" Oh, y'know. For kicks.
What's a parrot's favourite song? I love Parrots in the Springtime!
I got a good one for you guys 1
If alcohol kills germs and laughter is the best medicine, I'm the healthiest mofo on this planet.
A SQL statement walks into a bar... he confidently walks up to a couple of tables and says, ""May I join you?"".
How is American Beer similar to making love in a canoe? They're both fucking close to water.
Q: What's got four legs and no ears? A: Mike Tyson's dog.
Hey girl are you a cool autumn breeze Because you make me wanna jacket
A man clicks on a post in /r/jokes... I'm watching you.
What do you call a gay person in a wheelchair chair? Rollaids
I couldn't work at a Rainforest Cafe without yelling ""You know where you are? You're in the jungle baby! You're gonna die!""
So if they were called the Mario Bros., that means Mario's last name was Mario?
Where does Joseph Kony train his soldiers? Arizona
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, then they'd be called bagels!
What's wrong with a chameleon that can't change colors? He has a reptile dysfunction.
I like the religions where they're like ""god left after he made earth."" that's exactly what I would do if i created this mess.
I like my women like I like my coffee... With no stray pubes.
A whale is having a conversation with its son. Son: ""Hey Dad, where did I come from?"" Dad: ""From my dick, son"" Son: ""Uhhh, thanks?"" Dad: ""You're whalecum""
""How do you like your eggs?"" ""I like 'em just fine""
If history is written by the victors... ...then who writes French history textbooks?
My girlfriend called me a peadophile the other day I said 'that's a big word for a 6 year old'
The awkward moment you're watching porn and your girlfriend walks in. I wish she'd told me she worked in the industry.
Music is a good place to hide.
Trump says he'll make Oasis pay for a wonder wall.
69% of people... ...find something dirty in every sentence.
Where does the Lone Ranger take his trash? To the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump.
I like playing games on Xbox Live with Mexicans because of the possibility of seeing ""You were killed by Jesus"" on the screen.
My girlfriend broke up with me, because she hated me singing Linkin Park songs all the time. But in the end, it doesn't even matter.
How many Syrians does it take to launch a missle? Two. One to launch it, and one to watch CNN to find out where it landed.
A bear walks into a bar.. *Goes up to the bartender* Bear: ""Hi, I'd like a gin...................and tonic."" Bartender: ""Sure, but what's with the big pause?"" *bear looks at own paws*
what do you call the offspring of two lesbians? A hermaphrodike
A termite walks into a bar... and asks, ""Is the bar tender here?""
My neighborhood is having a meeting tonight about the crazy naked lady and I'm the only one not invited. Weird.
What did the scientist say to his fellow co-worker to stop him from jumping off the cliff to as an act of suicide? Don't jump, you've got so much potential!
I saw a car with a flat tire so I offered to help. She tells me to hurry cause she has a hair appoinment..This is how serial killers r born
14-year old Becky writes ""Stop wars"" as her Facebook status. It gets nine ""likes"", all from world leaders. Peace reigns forever. She did it.
How does an elephant get out of a small car ? The same way that he got in !
Why don't girls count to two? Because they ""can't even.""
Lamest joke ever What did 6 say to 9? . . . Baby! Let's do a 69. Hahaha XD
Why are Ethiopian's teeth so white? Because they never use them
What happened when the computer fell on the floor? It slipped a disk.
The day I let a dog make decisions for me ....Is the day I go blind.
My Dog voilet Rules My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad, finally I had to take his bike away.
What has over a hundred teeth and keeps back Godzilla? my zipper!
What do black people do after sex? 15 to life
The funny thing about fast food is, that it slows down the people who eat it.
There are only two certain things in computer programming life... death and syntax (end).
What do you call a man with news paper down his pants Russel
Massaging the shoulders of the person in front of you at the Redbox machine will usually help them make up their mind faster.
Regular sex makes your day. Butt sex makes your hole weak.
My wife was out of town, so I had to run the morning routine by myself today. I learned a lot. For example, apparently I have two kids.
I just shot my first turkey today! I don't think they are going to let me back into that store again.
Receptionist: So you're here about your carpal tunnel huh..fill out these 20 forms and press hard so the copies are clear
Researchers found out,... ... after someone finally opened the door.
I wish instead of Grammar Nazis there were Grammar Angels. They'd quietly whisper, ""Baby, you made a mistake. Let me fix it for you. -hug-""
I'm against protesting... But I don't know how to show it.
This one time, I shot a defenseless black guy and got arrested.. For impersonating an officer of the law.
I had to quit the massage business. I kept rubbing people the wrong way.
A powerful tornado tore through our town last night. So far, eight bodies have been found. Plot twister. It only damaged the graveyard.
A: Took my temperature today. B: Oh really? A: No, rectally.
A baguette up the butt is a real pain in the ass.
Did you hear about the time when King Arthur slept with another woman? It was a one knight stand.
I think Hillary Clinton will be the best president. If she couldn't screw Bill, how can she screw America?
What's the hardest part about rollerblading? Telling your parents you're gay.
Today my girlfriend left me Because I have a Linkin Park obsession... ...But in the end it doesnt even matter...
For easter I'm going to smuggle drugs into prison with my anus. I'm calling myself the keister bunny!
If Adrian Peterson played baseball, how would he bat? Switch Hitter
""I'll be back!"" -boomerangs -and herpes
Last night I was driving down an old country road when I hit a pedestrian going 50 mph. It seemed to take forever for help to arrive. That's the last time I use that towing company.
Whats the difference between a Hoover and a Harley? The position of the dirtbag.
""Why is there sweat on my handbag?"" ""Calm down, it's just a little pursepiration.""
Two Blondes walk into a bar They both fall on the ground, stunned from pain.
I would love my job so much more if I didn't have to hide my flask.
Why can't Trump be compared to vegetables in jokes? Because even artichokes have a heart.
Tweets that proclaim ""your a idiot"" never fail to delight me.
Tonight at the Who concert As the band started up ""You Better You Bet"", the guy next to me stood up to go get a drink. So I asked him - ""Not a fan of their new album?""
If you say ""people either love me or hate me"" it's a pretty safe bet that most of them hate you.
There are two times when a man doesn't understand a woman before marriage and after marriage.
My therapist keeps saying that I should really stop talking to inanimate objects.....but he's a lamp...what does he know....
Do Wilma Flintstone got a booty? She yabba-dabba dooooooo!
There are 6 jurors on the Treyvon Martin trial. I bet they all get on the same cycle from being around each other so much... Dude better hope it isn't that time of the month when the verdict comes in.
Apple CEO Tim Cook comes out as gay... No wonder the iPhone 6 won't stay straight!
Two thieves try to steal a calendar. They each got six months.
TSA: Sir, you can't bring that bottle of whiskey on the flight. Me: Um, this is my Service Whiskey. See his little vest? TSA: ....
How do you wake up Lady Gaga..? POKER FACE ... BAHAHAHA!!!
""Um, here's a crazy idea, how about finishing the wall mural in the baby's room?"" - Banksy's wife
What do you call it when you use your debit card to pay to have sex with a MtF illegal immigrant Paperless trans action
What do you call the version of google maps without pac man? Pac Man-free Ver.
How do you get ready for a trip around the Sun? Planet
I know you're the instructor but I've seen Ghost 47 times so I know for a fact this IS how pottery is made!
What did the science teacher say when the kid was experimenting with magnets? ""May the force be with you""
Thanks a lot Apple, for calling 7 inches a mini.
What do you call a friendly Chinese man who gives out free firewood? Kind Ling
Killer whales are inappropriately named. The proper term is killer Welsh.
Did you see that? That's the third time she came over here. I think she likes me. ""This is Applebee's and she is our waitress""
What do a virgin and a used Prius owner have in common? Neither of them have had sex
I'm not saying Martha Stewart is old, but... she needs a new Walker more than the Fast and Furious franchise.
The best part of waking up is when you say ""fuck it"" and go back to sleep.
How do you kill a circus? ...go for the Juggler!
What is the difference between camping and being homeless? Marshmallows
Science joke: What do you study to learn about acid? A pHD
What's the easiest way to piss off a bunch of redditors? [DELETED]
Why do women have smaller feet than men?  - It allows them to stand closer to the sink.
ME: This car's perfect except for one thing WIFE: Yes, there's no room for the childre- ME: [finds cup holder] lol I was wrong, it's perfect
The banana apologized to the apple. You're very sweet, but I'm sorry I don't find you a**peel**ing [I know this was terrible. I guess this wasn't your taste.](#s)
What does a black man do after sex? 15 years.
Knock, knock Who's there? Hosea Hosea, who? Hosea one more words and I'll beat the craps out of her
A skeleton walks into a bar... He says to the bartender, ""give me a beer and a mop.""
I woke up this morning to find chinese writing all over my bedroom walls. I couldn't understand it.
While getting the newspaper, I thought the neighbor admired my new boxers a bit too much. 'Til I felt a breeze. And remembered a button.
What is a pirate's favorite class in school? Arrrrrrt class.
What's the difference between and elephant and a mail box? I don't know. I hope you're not allowed to take the mail out to the mail box.
How do you circumcise a hillbilly? Punch his cousin
My mirror and my camera have two completely different ideas of what I look like!
What did the scarecrow say when asked about his job? ""This job isn't for everyone, but hay...it's in my jeans""
Before you say you ""value my opinion" just know if a genie granted me 3 wishes, one of them would be to star in Sister Act 3.
The safest place to stand when I hit a golf ball, is directly in front of me..
Can someone help me find..... The guy on his cell phone laughing uncontrollably because someone rear ended a car full of nuns. I think he was leaving a message. Thanks in advance.
Why don't nice people ride the train? Because they're usually found on trucks.
Roses are red, violets are blue. Pornhub is down, your Facebook will do.
Bob was in trouble. He forgot his wedding anniversary. His wife was really pissed. She told him...
[job interview] ""any public speaking experience?"" not since the valedictorian speech in high school ""very impressive"" I yelled 'YOU SUCK'
Dear 6-year-old me: As an adult you won't need to know cursive but you will need an ability to type with your thumbs. The future is weird.
I probably wouldn't even use the gym if I were in prison.
Hear about the new gay sitcom? ""Leave it, it's Beaver."" 
Where do magical animals go to jail? Azkabarn
I hate people who make cancer jokes. They have no sense of tumor.
I do my women like I do my homework I don't
What do you call a cheap hooker's snatch? Death Valley.
WIFE: What did you just do? CAT: *bolts for no apparent reason* ME: *bolts in the opposite direction in case she's after both of us*
What do you call ten Utah State law students standing ear to ear? A wind tunnel.
Why do Little People hate the taste of alcohol? Because they can't reach the top shelf.
Why can't Jewish people view pornography?? Because watching people porkin' just ain't Kosher! Wakakakaka
""Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego?"" is just not as challenging since she started using foursquare.
How much money do hookers with shallow vaginas make? Just the tips.
*calls boss* Me: I can't come to work. Boss: Why not? Me: Gotham city needs me. Boss: ...You're not Batman. Me: Oh, yes, yes, exaaaactly.
What do you call it when homosexual congressmen have lunch together? A Federal Mandate
Q: How can you tell Bill Clinton apart from a cow? A: By the wise look in the eyes.
What do you get when you cross a border collie with a pit bull? A dog that is smart enough to bury the bodies.
I accidentally dropped a piece of my bagel in the trash and it feels like a relative died.
-Balderdash! -Codswallop! -Tommyrot! -Poppycock! Victorian Era YouTube comments
I don't think the church is going to let me pick music for the bible group again. In my defense, the band name ""Lamb of God"" is misleading.
cremation vs burial During a tunisian funeral , a buddhist tourist asked a man .  -why don't you burn the body ?    - we just buried the body because God will burn him down
What's 3 inches long and pleases all women? A credit card.
I have Alzheimer's AMA (Not sure if repost) Yes, this is a x-post from /r/circlejerk, but still a pretty good joke in my opinion.
I just participated in a silent disco. Well, I got drunk at the morgue.
Does anybody know if Maternity Wards are open today?
What kind of superhero would Caitlyn Jenner be? An Ex-Man.
""How much for the mannequin in the clown outfit?"" ""Sir, she came in with you!""
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
Today's 3-year-olds can unlock the smartphone and launch favorite app or music player. What did I do in my 3-year-old? I ate sand.
I stuffed some socks in my pants to impress the ladies but it didn't work so I'll try moving the socks to the front of my pants.
How do narcissists remember everything? ...They have a photogenic memory.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 13 million illegal aliens? Juan by Juan
Girl said she wanted to have my babies so I invited her over. But she didn't look happy when I told her to put them to bed by 8 and went out
What's the difference between a truckload of bowling balls and a truckload of dead babies? You can't use a pitchfork to unload bowling balls.
Why couldn't the spotty cat chase the sheep? Because her Mum wouldn't leopard be a shepherd
(NSFW) It's been just over 10 years since we lost the Crocodile Hunter. He was a man of morals that died the same way that he lived... With animals in his heart.
Doctor Doctor I think I'm turning  into a frog Your just playing too much croquet!
I asked my wife to tell me something that would make me laugh and cry at the same time... Apparently out of all my friends I have the biggest dick.
The Past, Present, and Future walk into a bar... It was tense.
This coworker is in a really good mood this morning, so I hacked his Facebook account and wrote ""sexy"" on all of his wife's friends' pics.
What do you get when you cross a Native American with phosphorylation? ATP
SC shooting suspect Dylan Roof has been apprehended. He was charged with impersonating a police officer.
I said hello to a feminist My court date starts tomorrow.
*gets a Fitbit for Christmas* *puts it on a squirrel*
Did you hear about Greek porn? They can't do money shots anymore
I don't like jam but my marmite Note : Girlfriend was determined this was a good joke, I thought it was trash. You decide.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk. What do you call that same fly without legs? A raisin.
What happens when you zip up a lion? It rars
Why did the stair railing give money to Beethoven? A bannister always pays his deafs.
A woman is good for 70 things. Cooking and 69.
What do you call a fish that's worth a lot of money? A goldfish!
Schrodingers cat walks into a bar ... and doesn't.
I bumped into a cute guy today. I clawed his face off. I should work on my people skills.
What do you call a Deer with... No eyes?: **No idea** No eyes and no legs?: **Still no idea** No eyes and no legs, having sex? **Still f*cking no idea** And where do you find it? **Where you left it**
I used to get sharp pains in my eye when I drank coffee... My doctor said, take the spoon out of the mug
How can a man take an abortion pill? He just picks one up and leaves.
""I just dumped my girlfriend lol"" - a cannibal after taking a shit.
What do soy beans and dildos have in common? They are both meat substitutes!
Jesus drove a Honda but didn't talk about it. ""For I did not speak of my own accord"" John 12:49
Hate it when I'm at a hotel & the maid leaves her cart unattended & the only thing I can grab before getting caught is 3 dozen shower caps.
I'm trying to tell a Pokemon joke to my brother but he just doesn't get it. He's a slowbro.
Anytime I get something stuck in my throat, I use beer. I call this the Heineken maneuver
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? That's not funny!
How much did the skeleton charge for his excellent legal services? An arm and a leg.
Breaking News: Scientists clone a new hybrid cantalope and cauliflower. ""We call it the melon-cauli" says Dr. Noah Lot of OMG I'm so sorry
What has two thumbs and got laid last night? My hands.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? That's not funny.
How to impress your ex: 1. Get rich 2. Get more attractive 3. Get a tiger 4. Ride tiger everywhere in preparation for confrontation with ex
There's nothing more awkward than... There's nothing more awkward than throwing a surprise party for a psychic.
How do you catch King Kong? Hang upside down and make a noise like a banana.
How do the Chinese name their kids? They throw silverware down the stairs.
Santa is always jolly, he knows where the naughty girls live.
My favorite element is Helium I can't speak highly enough of it
Dentist: when was the last time you flossed? Me: bro, you were there.
What did the dinosaur say to the caveman? RAWR!
A guy walks into a pub he was hiding from the police after they shot his family for j walking
Geogrophy If Iraq invaded Turkey from the rear, do you think Grease would help?
The butcher's wife always messes up everyone's order. We call her Miss Steak.
Have you heard what they say about luck? It could be raining pussy and I'd get slapped in the face with a sweaty dick.
Aw, I would love to keep up with the Kardashians. But being a 'pregnant-solar-powered-douche-magnet' is an art form I haven't yet perfected.
What is a south Koreans favorite fruit? An impeach.
As a white guy, it really bothers that only black people can use the word ""nigger"". Thats OUR word! I'm not racist. I just wrote a racist joke.
What do you say when your lesbian daughter brings home her girlfriend? ""Are you going to be staying for dinner or eating out?""
A Jew walks into a BAR.. Passes.
I scream, you scream, we all scream... The ice cream man kidnapped us
My grandfather, my mom, and my siblings all have diarrhea. Runs in the family.
So say some animals *were* injured in the making of a film. Is that listed in the credits or what? ""Bob hurt one bird. He's very sorry.""
Why didn't the dog want to play football? It was a boxer!
I tried to find out why my cat kept licking itself... turns out its actually quite tasty.
What sort of transport does a sheep use? A ewe-nicycle
""Ok Noah, that's 2 of everything! Did I see a 3rd sheep in your office tho?"" Nope ""Yea I did, it had lipstick on?"" Nope, raise the anchor
McDonald's is like if Ke$ha were a restaurant.
*sees Salvation Army bell ringer* ""Here you go, buddy. Merry Christmas!"" ""Sir, we don't accept children."" *runs away*
What do you get when David Lynch directs a remake of The Godfather? Someone who makes you an offer you can't understand.
Forget Washington, Lincoln, JFK. Trump Is Simply Going To Be The Best President To Have Come in A Melania.
What does a guy who can predict the lottery numbers 99% of the time have in common with the letters C, D, G, H, J, K, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, and Z? They're not infallible
My mom just sent me a friend request on Facebook. This Is a typical ""no right answer"" type of situation.
What do you call a black man in a stunt plane? The brown streak.
Synchronized diving would be far more interesting without the pool.
How do you make a German shepherd? Put him in a synagogue.
Once you go black you'll sit in the back
Job openings. A female HR calls a guy: Lady: Sir, I have two openings. Man: Yes, I know. The lady hangs up.
A grasshopper walks into a bar... and the bartender gets excited. The bartender says, ""Hey, we've got a drink named after you!"" The grasshopper replies, ""You've got a drink named Greg?""
How come Justin Bieber doesn't like to shop at Sports Authority? Because he likes Dick's.
Who decided to call it an English to French dictionary and not a Two - Deux list?
What is the scientific measurement for moistness? Digits...
What does your mom and my fantasy football team have in common? As soon as I put money on them, they suck.
I dont have sex on the first date unless it's an option
What's the difference between an Asian and a dumb white girl? The Asian try to get the A, but the white girl try to get the D
Sure, we can be friends. I get to be Chandler.
Q: Why did the bank drive-up window teller have tire tread marks across the back of his grey suit? A: From crawling across the street when the sign said: ""Don't Walk.""
Dentist: *Pokes gums with sharp pointy instrament of death* Dentist: ""Your gums are bleeding because you don't floss.""
What's the difference between a sigh a car and  a monkey? A sigh is oh dear. A car is too dear. A monkey is you  dear.
Apparently organ donation has to be *your own* organ and this police officer has a lot of questions.
Don't text and drive. Just pull over until you're done using your phone. That's what I do. I've been on the side of the road since 2011.
She was upset when I gave her 4 quarters rather than dollar... It has the same value. It doesn't make any cents.
Yesterday I told my aunt that DTF means ""Doing the Facebook"". Her daily posts are much more entertaining now.
How many gay men does it take to screw in a light bulb? Only one, but it takes the entire emergency room to remove it.
What kind of bone will a dog never eat? A trombone! From Fargo Ep. 2
When I was a kid my Fairy-Godmother asked me if I wanted a long penis or a long memory I can't remember what did I chose!
Knock knock joke Knock knock Who's there? With. With who? With whom.
A german tourist. A german tourist arrives at Warsaw airport. The immigration office asks: 'Occupation?''. The german responds: 'No, just holiday''
I pointed to two old drunks across the bar from us and told my mate ""That'll be us in ten years...."" He replied, ""That's a mirror, you dick-head"".
Black people Ash Wednesday doesn't have anything to do with. your dry cracked skin.
Just give me a sec. I'm still waiting for IE8 to open a new tab. A blank tab. Waiting... Still waiting... There it is.
How did Jared lose 150lbs? He kicked two 7-year-olds out of his bed.
What came first, the chicken or the egg? The rooster.
How many Spanish people does it take to change a light bulb? Just Juan.
Do you like dragons? Because I'ma be dragon my balls across your forehead.
My wife just dropped her keys & said ""What's WRONG with me?"" & I named 6 things before I realized it was a rhetorical question.
-Boss: ""Send me one of your funny tweets"" -Me: ""I'm working at the moment, I'll send you one later"" -Boss: ""Hahaha! Send me another one.""
If your nose runs and your feet smell... You might be upside down. Heard from ""The Sopranos""
The versatile gay actor wanted to be cast in both ""A Christmas Carol"" and ""A Midsummer Nights Dream"" So he could be both a Bottom and a Topper.
Got a new roommate. She cleans my room, I clean hers. We are maid for each other.
I was at a gas station and I accidentally filled up my escort with diesel. She died.
What's the Best Way To Embarrass A Psychic On Their Birthday? Throw Them A Surprise Party.
Neighbor may have just called the cops after hearing me yell at the cat for stealing my cheese bread
The most maddening part of your parents giving you annoying advice is that they're usually right.
My friends think I should stop telling jokes because my punchlines are always shit. Shit.
Good Cop: Book 'em. Illiterate Cop: I'll just wait for the movie.
What does a man with five dicks wear? Pants that fit like a glove.
What do you call a french lesbian? A tresbien
Dark humor is a bit like food. Not everyone gets it.
Friday night plans *break into plastic surgeon's office *put goldfish in the silicone implants *sneak away undetected *giggle like a maniac
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion? Decaffeinated
What do you call a blonde haired skeleton in the closet? Last year's Hide and Go seek champion.
The best thing I ever did was install a fake doorbell. Now no one ever knocks on my door.
My girlfriend wanted to have a talk about how childish i am But she didn't have the secret password to my pillow fort so she couldn't get in
How can you tell it's a porno actor filling up his car at the next pump? Just before he gets to twenty bucks he pulls out the nozzle and shoots it all over the trunk.
A laptop made in the United States is a portable device. A laptop made in Mexico is a deportable device.
What's long and hard on a black guy His prison sentence I hope this hasn't been said before, I half came up with this all by my lonesome
Why did the plane crash into the ocean? The pilot was a loaf of bread
How do most elderly golfers die? They have a bad stroke
Why do bears' mouths water whenever they look at Trump? Because they think that thing on his head (his hair) is an animal and they want to eat it.
I would give 10 to most jokes here On a pH scale, cause most of them are just Basic.
I wonder what song The Little Mermaid was singing when she viciously ripped a clam in half to make that cute bikini top
Does anyone know where Engagement, Ohio is? About halfway between Dayton and Marion
What did the spider say when he broke his new  web ? Darn it !
I'd make a joke about Jonestown... But the punch line is too long.
Q: What does an Irishman have for dinner? A: Starvation. Q: And what does he have for dessert? A: Ethnic cleansing.
Why do black's have white skin on the bottom of their feet and the palm of their hands? Everyone needs a little bit of good inside them.
Why did the crew abandon the chili pepper boat? It was capsaicin. ^(Don't hurt me.)
My ex got engaged at Christmas but apparently responding to the news with ""LOL"" is ""a representation of everything that is wrong with me.""
Who needs whips and chains? Christian should have had Ana read Fifty Shades of Grey if he wanted to torture her.
What was the best time in history for the Italians? The Marin-era
We could make the world much greener this #earthday if we simply banned red and blue
How do you get a Jewish girls number? Roll up her sleeve.
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver? A bad golfer goes *whack* ""damn"" and a bad skydiver goes ""damn"" *whack*
*adds resume embellisher to resume*
Please do not return empty candy wrappers to the dish. It leads to false expectations and uncontrollable rage.
I've just found a Christmas present for my daughter in the loft. I'll take it up to her later.
If you had sex 365 times in one year and melted the rubbers down to make a tire, what would you call it? A fucking Goodyear! ! !
Wait you *must* be the aunt I've heard soooo much about. The one who looks like Freddie Mercury and laughs like a jackal. Is this her honey?
How do you keep a vegan from eating all your dairy? Invite two of them.
Fun prank idea: Take your friend's fiancee to lunch and say things that give her doubts about the relationship.
No, I'm not damaging my liver. I'm about to sterilize it using alcohol.
When cannibals ate a missionary, they got a taste of religion.
Why did the computer say Hello? Because it was A Dell
asked my dentist out but she brushed me off, said she only dates plaque guys Not gonna paste any more time on that cavitease, it's her floss
How many ears does Captain Kirk have? Three: A left ear, a right ear, and a final front ear.
A dung beetle walks into a bar And asks the bartender, ""Is this stool taken?""
I decided when I turn 21 I'm only going to smoke cigarettes when I drink Guess I'm going to be an alcoholic
How the does man give his dead batteries away? Free of charge, of course.
What do 50 cent hot dogs have in common with lumber? Two buy four.
Why did the egg get a ticket from a lady police officer? Because he was picking up good vibrations.
Apparently they've come out with low-fat communion wafers Yeah. They called it *I Can't Believe It's Not Jesus*.
I just went to jail for my wife's crime. She's Chinese, which I guess makes me guilty by associasian.
Dad Joke Survivors A nickelodeon presentation.
If an indoor shooting range is burning, what does one scream to inform them?
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb? They don't. They just beat up the room for being dark and arrest the light for being broke.
Ref:I'm sending you off Player: What for ? Ref: The rest of the match !
If I were any more hungry right now, Brad and Angelina would adopt me :(
What do you call a guy with no arms, no legs, and sits in a pile of leaves? Russell.
Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth Then it just becomes a soap opera.
Jehovah's Witness I was just wondering...........if a Jehovah's Witness dies and goes to heaven and knocks on heaven's door..... does Saint Peter answer the door or does he hide like the rest of us???
TIFU by eating a U-Boat. Whoops, wrong sub.
A pilots plane is shot down When he parachutes out, he is taken to a pow camp. He is later asked ""What did you have on the wings of your plane?"" ""Holes mostly...""
If you wake up on Christmas morning with a bad taste in your mouth Remember, Santa only comes around once a year to empty his sack.
Doctor Doctor I need something to keep my falling hair in What about a matchbox!
An in-depth test to see if you know how to avoid Clickbait Apparently not!
What's the difference between God and Donald Trump? God doesn't think he's Donald Trump
While I was very disappointed & angry to find my daughter smoking a cigarette I'll be damned if she didn't look cooler.
The life expectancy of reindeer is 8-10 years. We can stop singing about Rudolph now.
My comedian alias would be The Carcinogin My jokes give people cancer
use words like 'perpendicular' when you language at people so they think you is good with vocabularying
Since we're talking about Michael Jackson--- What did the guy say to MJ at the beach? Get out of my son.
JOB REQUIREMENTS: Must have a college degree. Must have 5 years experience. Must have volunteered as tribute and won the 74th Hunger Games.
With so many unhappy married couples and a 50% divorce rate, I think it's pretty obvious that Americans don't breed well in captivity.
""What would Jesus do?"" is an unfair question. He had superpowers. Your lifeboat is sinking. WWJD? Well, he'd get out and walk to shore. See?
I broke up with my girlfriend on a ski trip Our relationship was going downhill.
I'll never read pride &amp
The 3 second rule for food dropped on the ground does not work.. if you have a 2 second dog
The flight attendant keeps saying ""Please stop asking for peanuts. Busses don't have flight attendants.""
I'm the girl who shows up at a Halloween party where everyone is dressed as something sexy and I'm dressed as a bean bag.
Ok you with pneumonia, go sit between the perfectly healthy lady and the guy with the blood shooting out of his leg and wait. -hospitals
Anytime a religious organization follows me I just assume I'm being used as a case study/example and they are praying super hard.
Sometimes I wonder if I need to spell it out to people.. But then I realised I typed it, so I already did spell it out.
We just got a donkey He's a real Jackass
And YOU get a vegetable pod! And YOU get a vegetable pod! And YOU get a vegetable pod! And YOU get a vegetable pod! ~ The Okra Show
Im eating out this old lady... Im eating out this old lady and i start to taste horse seamen, at that moment i think, "" oh grandma, thats how you died""
I don't punish the dog for eating my unattended food because I do the same thing to other people
I hate it when I get my days mixed up and I accidentally take my stupid wife out instead of my girlfriend.
If Donald Trump becomes President, The rest of us should be able to just walk into any hospital & start working as doctors
Not that anybody asked, but the Irresistible Force beats the Immovable Object  every time.
Your momma is so stupid that she thinks Moby Dick is a venereal disease.
How does a mama pig put her piglets to sleep?  She reads them pig tales.
How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat? She can fit into your wife's clothes
I used to be a plastic surgeon Which raised a few eyebrows.
A man walked into a bar. He should have been watching where we was going.
What's worse than ants in your pants? Uncles
Why don't black people ever go on cruises? We're not falling for that one again!
""Go ahead, caller...."" ""Mom, you have to stop answering your phone that way.""
Its national left-handers day I'm going to rub one out with my right hand to give lefty his day off
If you think my laughter is infectious, you should try having unprotected sex with me.
""Can I touch it?"" A little boy and a little girl are in the bathtub together. The little girl looks down at the boy and asks, ""Can I touch it?"" He answers, ""No way -- you already broke yours off!""
In our wedding, I'll invite his ex and be like ""Still believe you can get him back?""
The first rule of relationships: You don't find out why someone was available until it's too late.
Why are pigs such early risers? Did you ever try to shut off a rooster?
Why do anarchists smell so bad? Because they're *revolting*
Why did the lizard go on a diet ? It weighed too much for its scales !
How do you make a plumber cry? You kill his family.
I made a huge mistake I took my girlfriend to Subway, when she got her six inch sub, she looked at me and she instantly knew that I've been lying to her for years.
When asked what it was like getting over a Viagra addiction my buddy said"Well my first few days were the hardest.""
If you love someone let them go. If they come back they probly forgot their keys or something & yikes that's gonna be an awkward 30 seconds.
Justin Bieber made a racist joke when he was 15. Quick, someone give him $2 billion for his basketball team to teach him a lesson.
I hate East German Cars I mean, the Trabant was a load of old pants.
Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Welcome to the jungle. Happy Birthday to you. - Christina Aguilera at a kid's birthday party.
What is a Mexican's favorite Olympic event? Cross country
What kind of overalls does Mario wear? denim denim denim
You don't have to like me but at least base it on your own opinion, not someone Else's.
If you come mow my lawn for me I promise to look out the window occasionally and give you a thumbs up.
My kids are very optimistic. Every glass they leave sitting around the house is at least half full.
What do you call an annoying black person? A nagger.
Yeah, did you hear about the really chatty snake gynecologist? Well, he was good at his job, but I just couldn't stand how he kept sticking his head in my business.
Two olives are pals, and they're hanging from the tree like they'vebeen for months. Suddenly, one falls to the ground. The remainingone says, ""Are you ok?"" And the other replies, ""Olive!""
Q: How many UPM's does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None! If you'd just make it a day exterior we wouldn't be screwing around with all these damn light bulbs!""
I asked my mother if I could have some cloth to give to the nuns. She said, ""Fine, just don't let it become a habit""
My wallet is like an onion. When I open it.. it makes me cry.
I'm wearing nike pants so you have to just do it...
You made an imprint on my heart like a big butt on a memory foam mattress.
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his soup before it was cool
What are Mario's overalls made out of DENIM DENIM DENIM
[speed dating] Me: Periods. Her: Huh? Me: Do they go inside the quotation mark or outside? Her: In the US or the UK? Me: Let's get married.
Who answers the Crime Stoppers Hotline? Stymied Coppers
Gonorrhea is the name of the medication used to treat diarrhea, right?
When does a heterosexual man leave a gay bar? Straight away.
Being an ugly woman is like being a man... You're going to have to work. -Daniel Tosh
If you stop at a yellow light I'm going to assume you have something illegal in your car.
Netflix just announced it's raising the price and changing it's slogan to ""One movie you wanna see and a thousand others you never heard of""
""Mrs. Doubtfire"" is my favorite movie about a messy custody battle that gives way to horribly illegal and creepy transgendered stalking.
What do a coffee shop and a Japanese castle siege have in common? Baristas
TIFU by getting and STD from my Grandma she gave me hepatitis G
Hey girl, I've got a sex-Ed project due tomorrow... And I need a 69 to pass.
What do fat chicks and mopeds have in common? They're both alright for a ride until your mates find out!
Q: Did you hear that NASA recently put a bunch of Holsteins into low earth orbit? A: They called it the herd shot 'round the world.
what does a son tell to his mother when he's leaving his house in India? Mumbai
People that type in all caps are... Capitalists.
You wanna mess with me, pal? You wanna mess with the saddest man in town? I've got a whole crew of sad boys just waiting to burst into tears
LAPD announced they fired a dozen officers this today... In other news, 12 cabins were burned to the ground in Big Bear.
I just started a new job at a factory that makes chess pieces. I'm on knights next week.
I asked a North Korean how was life in his country... He said he couldn't complain.
My friend, Power, is always tired That's because his boss makes him work overtime.
I post stuff in the wrong sub-reddits. AMA wait... FUCK
Go Pats! (I mean people named Pat. Can't be easy for them.)
My dad's favorite joke for some reason... What's black, white, red, and can't turn around in an elevator? ... A nun with a javelin through her head.
I asked Roy Hodgson if he would consider 4-4-2 next week. He said, ""No, we'll probably go 7-4-7  it's wider and offers more leg room.""
Today I saw a little boy wearing rags sitting on a curb I said, ""Awww, are you an orphan""? He said, ""Yes, what gave me away?"" I said, ""Your parents.""
A freind of mine just started his own business in Afghanistan. He's making land-mines that look like prayer mats. It's doing well. He says prophets are going through the roof.
What do white supremacists drink at their rallies? White Powerade
What happened to the octopus in the football game? He had tentackles.
[At the Rumble] her *aggressively taking off earrings and heels* me *desperately trying to find somewhere to set down my ice cream cone*
Chuck Norris needs a monkeywrench and a blowtorch to masturbate.
It's always I before E Except when you run a feisty heist on a weird beige foreign neighbor.
Teacher: What is the value of Pi? Student: Depending on what pie. Usually is $12.99
What do you call a blind dinosaur? An Idontthinkhesaurus.
Why couldn't Spongebob get a mortgage? Because his house was underwater.
Jehovah's witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their doors.
Boss: Tell me a joke Me: I am busy Boss: Good one!! Tell me another
You all know why Hurricane Matthews is so bad Well unlike Katrina its a guy
My jokes are like hot chicks Hard to get, and when you do they are not anywhere near as good as you thought they would be
Someone said you sound like an owl. Who?
I like my women like I like my milk... White, with 2% fat.
a priest and a rabbi are sitting on a park bench... the priest sees some kids playing nearby. he leans over to the rabbi points and says ""how about we screw them"" the rabbi says ""out of what?""
I'm always two drinks away from digging up my backyard to look for dinosaur bones
Parenting is basically telling your kids they need to eat more fruit then telling them to quit eating all the fruit.
Sometimes you run into people who totally change your life for the better. Bartenders.. Those people are called bartenders
It's been raining so much, I have begun the construction on my Ark. If you need any help I Noah guy.
Why didn't Hitler drink tequila? Because it made him mean.
What is the difference between Jam and Jelly? I can't jelly my dick down your throat.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Aaron ! Aaron who ! Aaron the barber's floor !
What do you call 40 mexicans standing in your yard holding hands? Spicket fence.
Talking to women is a lot like origami. I don't know where to start and I always end up screaming.
UGH now I just painted an amazing picture but accidentally painted a thumb in the corner
Whoever stole my dildo can go fuck themselves.
Young guy goes in for his annual physical Doctor says: You have to stop masturbating Young man: What?! Why?? Doctor: Because I'm trying to examine you!
[doing standup] So I live in Kansas [hysterical laughter] That...that wasn't the joke
So Bill Cosby and Darren Sharper walked into the bar... I would tell you what happened next but for some reason I can't remember a thing from that night.
Gordon Ramsey... Who was the first five star cook in ancient Egypt? Pharoh Godron Ramses! Who is his favorite god? Its fuckin Ra!
[LPT request] how to wake up from a bad dream. Wait. What do you mean he's really president?
""I wish I could answer phone calls with my Walkman."" -Steve Jobs in the 80's
What do a plumber and a walrus both enjoy? A nice tight seal
What do you call a group of rabbits walking backward? A receding hareline.
What do you call a man with no body and just a nose? Nobody nose.
Snow Ain't the problem Isis
Do you wanna here something ironic?? Iron Man is a Fe-male!
Why did Helen Keller's dog run away? You would too if your name was ""adkwodrtrgfvnfif""
I've got a pretty big role coming up It's a cinnamon roll.
The problem with dieting is food.
My ex-girlfriend told me nothing shocks her anymore so I switched her digital scale from Lbs to Kg.
Man, I sure am mad about the rising bullet prices... Now I get less bang for my buck!
I'm on a seefood diet I see food and I eat it.
I returned from court to see 'Welcome home dad' hanging over the foyer.. It was a suspended sentence
Like a true gentlemen, I always put women and children first. I hate walking into spiderwebs...
[Self-Checkout] ME: also I ate a donut in the store MACHINE: Place the item on the belt ME: I can't because I ate it MACHINE: Place the
What starts with 'D' and has two letters in it? w
What is long, hard and leaves a warm, white, sticky substance in your mouth? Toothbrush.
Why did the snowman have a smile on his face? Because the snowblower was coming down the block.
2 black eyes What do you tell a woman with 2 black eyes? Nothing, I already told her twice.
Of course you don't know 'our song.' You didn't know we were even dating, silly. Or that the girl you had lunch with is in my trunk.
What did the Wife-DNA say to the Husband-DNA? Do these genes make me look fat?
Maybe every nation has ninjas And the Japanese ninjas are just the worst
Taking a nap until my carbon monoxide detector stops beeping.
What's the worst part about eating 69 oysters out of your grandma? Finding out she already posted this joke on Reddit.
Honey I won the Lottery. Overly exuberant husband came home. ""Honey pack your bags I just won the lottery!"" Wife
My friend's dog died the other day so I surprised her by going out and getting her an identical dog. She was furious, she said ""what am I supposed to do with two dead dogs?""
I was playing Words with Fiends I scored 50 points for using all my runes, but summoned Pazuzu.
People really hate my cheesy puns... but I'm quite fondue of them.
What does an accountant use for birth  control? His personality.
In my 4th grade class the cutest girl threw away my love letter.. ..so I failed her!
When I was young I used to poke holes in my parent's condoms so that there could be someone else to do the dishes.
A guy came up to me in the gym. ""How the hell did you get a body like that?"" he asked. ""Thanks" I said, ""That's very flattering."" He said, ""Not really mate.""
Did you know that yeast cells are incestuous? They're in-bread.
What do you call a chicken looking at lettuce? Chicken caesar salad
Everyone needs that one friend that will promise to redraw your chalk outline to make you look skinnier.
TRIVIA TIME: What flavor shake did Marty McFly get in the diner during the first Back To the Future movie? Parkinson's.
If you are single don't worry. Someone will come around shortly to totally fcuk that up.
*trying to awkwardly start a conversation with my barber* I ALSO like scissors.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court ? He heard the ref was blowing fouls
Why don't lawyers have sex with their clients? To prevent double billing.
The only reason I watch political speeches is cause I'm hoping there's gonna be a sniper.
I don't like cocaine I only like the smell.
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 cent featuring nickelback
Why should transgender people get separate bathrooms? There's already handicapped stalls.
What does a Jew with an erection get when he walks into a wall? A broken nose.
Just told a guy talking on his phone in the library to shut the fuck up Everyone applauded me, so I told them to shut the fuck up, too.
Why did Leonardo DiCaprio laugh at the Oscar joke? Because he finally got it!
what do you call a cow with no legs ground beef
Trump won't drop out I wonder how that makes Republicans feel, being forced to carry something ***to term***
What did the Russian people light their houses with before they started using candles? Electricity.
They say 9 or 10 is a good age to tell your kid they were adopted, but only IF they were adopted.
*Slowly breaks up with you, word by word, during a game of Scrabble.
After the machine uprising, robots in the club will dance ""The Human"" by compulsively overeating and playing with their phones on the toilet
What did the mother say to the pedophile at the beach? ""Get out of my sun!""
What is the rapper's favorite bread? 2 Grainz
I wonder how many hobbies you have to suck at before you take up bird watching.
Her: You know I love it when you pull my hair... Me: Yes, baby Her: But the other people at this PTA meeting are beginning to stare.
I'm not superstitious, I'm just a bit stitious.
What do you get when you have Tiger Woods, Stephen Hawking, and Dwayne Johnson in the same room? An Animal, a Vegetable, and a Mineral.
I call my genitalia the Severance Package... After its seen it usually ends relationships.
sighs ""always the predator, never the prey...""
Why is Santa's sack so full? Because he only comes once a year.
What did the overweight woman say to Buffalo Bill when she woke up? I can't feel my face when I'm with you...
What do Pentecostals and Nudists have in common? Neither can wear pants
I got caught making out with my cousin once - mum and dad went mental. In my defence we were just kids, and there was an awful lot of alcohol at her funeral.
If steroids are illegal for athletes, then Photoshop should be illegal for models
How much do pirates pay to get an earring? A Buccaneer.
[running amok in flames] WHY ARE INFLAMMABLE THINGS FLAMMABLE!?
A baby seal walks into a club
My Welsh mate was found dead yesterday. He died the way he would have wanted to go... He passed away peacefully in his sheep
I saw a guy holding a TV I was walking down the street, when I saw a black guy holding a TV. I thought ""holy shit, is that mine?"" I went home to check. But nah, mine was at home polishing my shoes.
When man made the first stone tool 2.6 million years ago, I don't think they could have ever imagined a tool as great as Donald Trump.
How is the American public now like Socrates? By November, they will have both picked their poison.
Swimming Is Good For You... Especially if you are drowning.
Threesome So, I finally talked my wife into having a threesome... So she said the only condition is that she pick the other girl... So I told her no... I will pick both of them..
Only works in German - What is the biggest monkey? - Giraffe!
A coworker asked me if I would please quit loudly singing along with my Oasis mix tape this morning. I said maybe...
Our culture is like a fungus. It's fucking disgusting but it grows on you.
Why did the washing machine stop? Somebody threw the towel in.
As an american, I feel really sorry for the Canadians up north. I mean, how do they even live if their summer is 30 degrees?
What bird tastes just like butter ? A stork !
I think my bank is trying to get me to become a gymnast. They keep sending me letters about my outstanding balance.
I tried to tell an Armenian genocide joke in Istanbul. Nobody got it.
A man walks into a bar... He says ""Ow""
Hey guys, look! Original content made it on to ifunny!
Having hearing problems? Turn down the volume on your porn. Problem solved!
Why don't you ever see three mexicans crossing the border at the same time? Because the signs say ""No trespassing""
Do you know what you call a nickle and a penny? The Sixth Cents
How many redditors are needed to screw a lightbulb? As much people as is needed to screw that lightbulb.
Keep your friends close and your unattractive enemies closer so you look better by comparison in pictures.
I wasn't going to follow you but that bible verse in your bio totally changed my mind.
Where do terrorists store their money? In the West Bank
Say what you will about that pilot... ...but at least he died doing what German's love most. Mass murdering innocent people.
What's the most dangerous animal in Africa? Black people. (Slightly Racist I know)
What do gay Asian men do in the bedroom? They Bangkok
""listen up, I'm only going to show you this once!"" ~ suicide bomber teacher.
How is eating a girl out like being a member of the mafia? One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit!
Worry: a waste of imagination.
Why don't people like talking about herpes? It's a sore subject.
Two topics which should never be in the same sentence ""Zika"" ""Can I get a little head""
Doc: Maam, due to the accident your daughter cant... Mom: Cant what?! D: She cant even. She literally cannot even. M: *single tear falls*
[in ambulance] ""Can you describe the snake that bit you?"" Yes it was like an angry rope
Wanna hear a joke? Your life
Hey online media: ""Comfortability"" isn't a word. The noun you're looking for is ""comfort."" And it doesn't need you to give it a fancy hat.
What's the difference between a girlfriend and a washing machine? A washing machine doesn't go apeshit and stalk me for years when I put a couple of loads in it.
Why did the Chicken cross road? With rice.
When #EgyptAir announced ""he's not a terrorist, just an idiot"" My ex wife phoned to see if it was me.
I almost hit a deer tonight. But then he took back what he said about my mom and we hugged it out. Back to having zero haters, feels good.
Q: Why don't matches play baseball? A: One strike, and they're out.
Why was the motorcycle going so slow? Because it was two tired!
Describe myself in 4 words? Bad at counting.
My black friend told me to stop making racist jokes... ...I told him to lighten up.
what do you call a sad ditch? a depression.
The rest of the world should fear our military. We have the most cutting edge technology 1954 had to offer.
What do you get if you cross a telephone with a night crawler? Ringworm!
Why did the University of Oklahoma researcher  stay awake every night? He was trying to find a cure for insomnia.
What is Irish and sits on the porch? Patty O'Furniture
When I was a kid I liked my Jack in the Box...But now I prefer my Jack in the Bottle.
Why does the little mermaid where sea shells? 'Cause the B-shells were too small.
words are just a big scam. they all just mean other words. so you keep on using even more and more words. that's how they get you.
I was so happy it only took me seven days to complete this puzzle! The box said it would take 2-4 years.
Why is six afraid of seven? Seven made six confused.
What's hairy dangerous and only surfs the  Net when there's a full moon? The www.erewolf.
Me: But where do you see this relationship in five years? Her: Sir! For the last time, do you want extra cheese or not?
How to make an idiot curious? I'll post the answer tomorrow.
How embarrassing would it be if Facebook automatically updated statuses to what you where doing. ""Billy is alone in his room.""
What do you call someone who won't get off your lawn? A grasshole.
What's the difference between anal sex and regular sex? Regular sex can make your night, but anal sex can make your hole weak.
Are you from Tennessee? Because your accent and appearance suggests that you hail from the southeast.
One old man was talking to another ""Hows your incontinence?"" ""Depends.""
I just bought a pair of glasses from Zenni Optical. 20/20 would buy again.
What is gray and comes in pints? An elephant! edit: maybe I should say what is gray and cums in pints?
Did you hear the one about the gay midget? He went up on a guy.
I've been Nominated for Facebook's New Award, Most Funny/Best Posts in 2013!.......In other news I lost my job, my wife, car, and all contact with the outside World!!!
'I am your God, and now it is night!' I say as I turn the fish tank light off.
What do you call a nut that eats other nuts? A pecan-nibal! Made this up at work while hungry.
A joke I tried to make about the difference between British and American government. (Bad language) One of our politicians fucked a pig's head All of your politicians are pig headed fuckers
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta away!
Watched my first porno today... I looked much younger back then.
""Please stop being mean"" - Me 3 seconds in to a rap battle
The local police station had their toilet stolen. The cops say they have nothing to go on.
What would you call ISIS after they've been eliminated? WASWAS.
If Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are on a boat together, and it sinks, who survives? America
Sweetie, who is this bully stealing your pudding cup before school?!? ""Mom, it's-"" *dad makes throat slice gesture* ""No one, Mom. No one""
Donald Trump is going to demand to see Hilary Clinton's birth certificate... to make sure she is a woman.
Dark humor is like kids with cancer... Never gets old
911 What's your emergency Me: I'm calling to complain about the quality of this cocaine 911: The police are on their way Me: Thanks
Dammit I forgot my headphones and I'm at the airport wait here's some for 16 million dollars thank god.
I was the second man on the moon Neil before me
How do you communicate with a fish? You drop it a line!
Pink Panther's TODO list 1. TODO 2. TODO 3. TODO TODO TODO TODO TODOOO
A boy goes to his parents to tell them something ""Mom, Dad. I'm gay."" His father then turns to him and says ""Hi Gay, I'm 100 Dollars Richer!"", while recieving money from the mom.
I used to be addicted to soap but I'm clean now.
Jesus tells Peter, ""Come forth and you shall have eternal glory!"" Peter came in fifth and won a toaster.
Ok, seriously men... You can't hear yourselves snoring, but the slightest crinkle of a chip bag, and you're suddenly wide awake?!
Some say global warming is caused by an increase in greenhouse gases, but I know that's a cover up for the truth: too many hot local singles
Him: Can you forgive me? *mental montage of me trying to figure out who this guy is* Me: Yes, but I'm really hurt so please give me time.
I'm much better at organizing my thoughts on Reddit than I am IRL After all, most of my comments here just have the one point.
Whats the difference between a Rolling Stone and a Scottish man The Rolling Stone says, ""Hey you, get off of my cloud."" and the Scottish man says, ""Hey McLeod get off of my ewe.""
If an opinion is worth 2 cents, how many cents is an argument worth? It really just depends on how much cents it makes.
Facebook does NOT ruin relationships. Relationships ruin Facebook
When I was 6 I got coal from Santa... The next year I decided to get back at him and poison the cookies. Somehow, the bastard found out and killed my dad
What do you call a horse with a broken leg? Worthless
did you know that the earth used to be 100% water? that was until yo momma got thirsty.
How do you know if a joke is a dad joke? A dad joke has to reach father for a pun.
Why was the cookie monster arrested for computer hacking??? He was in possession of all the ""COOKIES""
Why did the bowling pins stop working? They went on strike!
Video Games made me do it. Rock n' Roll made me do it. Witches made me do it. Satan made me do it. - a short history of responsibility
Teacher and John Teacher: John. Give me a sentence beginning with ""I"". Paul: I is the... Teacher: No, John . You must say ""I am"" not ""I is."" John: All right. I am the ninth letter of the alphabet.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard and they're like ""hey thanks"" and I'm like ""I'm just happy to be a part of this nice community""
Teacher: Fill out the parent form. Me: Why? Teacher: So I can contact you if your kid gets in trouble. Me: *writing* Raised. By. Wolves.
""Be cool, it's the cops"" I said to my 3 cats I dressed up like robbers as my other 3 cats came out of the kitchen dressed like policemen
LPT: If someone brings in home baked goods to say goodbye after being let go, don't eat them. I used laxatives.
Guys, the USA is looking pretty bad... I think its time for USB.
If you say ""gullible"" very slow, it sounds like ""butterflies""
Parents yelling ""I'm not going to ask you again"" at their kids, will definitely be asking them again
5: Daddy whatcha doin'? Me: Cleaning my shot gun 5:Why? Me: Because one day a boy will like you 5:You mean like Ben? *racks the chamber*
Two polacks are driving in a car The driver: Stick your head out the window and see if my directional is working. Is it on?"" The passenger:"" Uh yep. nope. yep. nope. yep. nope""
Bilbo wakes up suddenly to Don't Stop Believing. It was an unexpected Journey.
A priest, a rabbi, and an atheist walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says ""what is this a joke?""
What is the difference between a Windows Phone and a brick? One is a brick and the other is a brick with a screen
Why can't ewoks yell in the house? Because they have to use their Endor voices.
*E=mcHammer *when E is a constant variable that can't be touched
So I finally got around to watching the Twin Tower attacks 9/11 would watch again.
What did the rapper say when he couldn't find his pants? ""Where my knickers at?""
So a redditor walked into a bar... Just kidding, they just sit on reddit and read these lame jokes.
Why are the police so corrupt? Because criminals keep turning themselves into the police.
A man goes to the library and asks the librarian for a book on suicide, the librarian turns around and says ""fuck you, you wont bring it back""
Regular naps prevent aging... Especially if you take them while driving.
Can't get a woman? Rip out your rib and make your own! Critics are raving ""this doesn't work"" and ""I'm bleeding to death"".
There was a lot of this before MJ died. [img]http://i.imgur.com/oZxmOzJ.png[/img]
How do genetically engineered car salesmen from Boston greet their customers? Hey, gattaca? GATTACA?
Did you hear about the guy who killed the sphinx? i hear he's one bad-ass motherfucker...
Avoid unwanted pregnancies by using the ""pull out"" method where you pull out an acoustic guitar at a party & no one will have sex with you.
A Jamaican is sightseeing in Egypt. A vehicle drives by, beeping its horn. ""Coo yah!"" he says. ""It's tootin' car, mon!""
You know how if a bear is about to attack you, you're supposed to stand totally still? Your smarter friend that's running just punkd you.
I did a self defense course I would't recommend anyone to attack me in slow motion
Today I found out that nobody living in my town is allowed to be buried in it. It might be because they're alive
MY VIRGINITY
I was about to tell you a bank joke But I lost all interest.
Don't assume Wal-Mart sells walls. Unless you want an argument about existential reality with an 85-year-old greeter.
Made plans to exercise with a friend and now I have to go get in a car accident.
I bet the first mohawk was created by a guy trying to even out his sideburns.
What's a hats favourite thing? Getting head
The Three Unwritten Rules Of Life 1. 2. 3.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I kinda liked it.
You hang Up. ""No you hang Up."" No YOU hang Up. ""No YOU hang Up."" - couple fighting while hanging Pixar movie posters
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? About half way.
What do black people with Down's Syndrome call their friends? Their Chromies
How do you tell the difference between the staff and the inmates at a psychiatric hospital? The patients get better and leave. Not everyone of the patients thinks he is God. The staff have the keys!
Q: How do you get a clarinet player to play  louder? A: You can't!
Two fish are sitting in a tank. One fish says to the other, ""I don't know how to drive this thing"".
How many Communists does is take to screw in a light bulb? All of them.
I've wanted to post this forever. This.
Spent 10 mins trying to get into my car today...finally the door opened when the person who actually owned the car unlocked it.
Why do blonde girls have bruises around their belly buttons? Because blonde guys aren't that smart either
You know that little indestructible black box that is used on planes - why can't they make the whole plane out of the same substance?
My doctor said if I get 1000 upvotes he will perform free LASIK surgery! Upvote for visibility.
Me: Show me a pan that didn't get clean the first time and I will show you a pan that needs to soak.. Wife: STOP TWEETING AND WASH THE PAN!
Why was the actor detained by airport security? He said he was in town to shoot a pilot.
So a man goes to work... Memed XD im a grill btw so upboat plz.
If a bear confronts you in the woods, make it go away by handing it a flyer for your boyfriend's band's show.
Ladies, never agree to do an@l, save it for when you do something so bad a blowjob can't fix things.
I wonder if Ronald McDonald sadistically cackles as he bludgeons innocent chickens and uses clown magic to turn them into nuggets.
No body What do you call a man with no body and a nose? Nobody knows!
I don't have a swimmer's body. I have more of a drowning to death body. #Olympics
What did the letter F say when he became cool? Sup G?
My grandpa told me this before he kicked the bucket. He said, ""Son, how far do you think I can kick this bucket?""
A cheese shop was just bombed in Paris. There's de-brie everywhere ^^^I'm ^^^really ^^^sorry
How can you tell the pig is a failure as Easter bunny? By the egg on its face.
What's big, green and if it falls out of a tree it will kill you? A pool table.
What is a goat herder known as in the Middle East? A Pimp
Jaws How do you know the girl from Jaws had dandruff? She left her Head &amp
(Sigh) I thought ""The Scarlet Letter"" was a book about red stationery....
As a Hilary supporter in Colorado, I'm still happy with the outcome of the election. Since proposition 106 passed I can legally kill myself now that trump won.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? a rip off
Ex-wife died in a car wreck yesterday. Didn't send flowers, thought might be weird to the family. That and didnt know other drivers address.
I like putin The rest of the joke down here
i could miss 4 days of school in a row in HS and have all A's and you zone out for 38 seconds in college and ur grade goes from a B to a G
I was so touched last week when a shopkeeper handed my 3yo a donut without checking with me, that today I gave his teen a bag of heroin.
Astrid was a victim of ID theft Now she has to go get a new one.
What do you get when you mix a bulldog and a shih tzu? Bullshit. Works better if you say it out loud.
How does a Russian catch fish? A niet!
When I was a kid I made all of my toys watch Toy Story so that they knew I was on to them.
[NYE] ME: *wearing 2017 glasses* OPTOMETRIST: *rubbing his temples* Stephanie your eyesight may be bad but you really only need one pair
What is the prettiest thing about a DC girl? Her resume.
Did you hear about the incestuous hotdogs? They say they're in bread.
Q: Did you hear about the man who was Polishing the flagpole? A: He varnished into thin air!
Why does it see like fur is more hated than leather? Its easy to harass a 90lb aneroxic and walk away. It's a lot harder to do the same to the 250lb tattooed, long haired, biker.
What do books and sex have in common? They both have a climax.
if boris johnson was priminster he'd make all of us shop at Borrisons
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo drizzle
Before I met my wife I was incomplete.. Now I'm finished.
What's the difference between snowmen and snow women? Snow balls. Ha
""See that guy over there? I have to serve him with papers today."" -Oh really? Why? ""Because I lost my tennis racquet.""
Statistics say that 60% of women take medication for mental illness, Which means 40% aren't taking their medication.
What do you call a woman who misses her period? Fucked
cashier at the book store told me to ""take it easy"" so I stabbed her in the neck with my keys because nobody tells me how to live my life.
What do a slinky and your mother in law have in common? They're both fun to watch tumble down stairs.
I'm not sure if I'm depressed Or just nihilistic
You can't die, man! Not right now. Not on my watch! *lifts dead body and pulls watch put from under it*
You may think i'm odd for eating ham and pineapple sandwiches.. But hey.. That's just Hawaii roll.
If you can't handle me at my worst, you and I have a lot in common.
The worst part of being named Michael is repeatedly being broken up with via a text that states *drops Mike*
Terror attack in New York Thousands of people scream as Mariah Carey bombs Time Square
Someone recently broke in to my nan's flat and stole her precious limbo trophy... How low can you get?
So, a girl was giving me a handjob... and I told her to stop because she was rubbing me the wrong way.
Progress Johnny do you still throw stones at birds ? No sir, now i use slingshot.
How i feel when i find out Tom Brady is suspended for 4 games
Trump's inauguration is like his hands: Tiny in comparison.
Guys, throw away ALL your favorite things. Go to Pier 1, buy some throw pillows and potpourri. Ok, you're ready for marriage.
What if they had a call center where they call you everyday with a mission to make you laugh? But instead of a call center, they called it a lol center! So much lol, that it will make you fall!
Stop complaining about the length of the Hobbit movies. Plays are 17 hours long. School plays are twice that.
Can you say three two-letter words that mean small? Is it in?
Did you know Steve Irwin would still be alive if he wore sunscreen? It protects from deadly rays.
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
Interview joke Interviewer: What is your name, and what do you do for a living Bank Robber: I'm Robin Banks
I avoid making friends by being honest with people
So I, (male) have a Girlfriend with a schoolgirl fantasy... The only problem is...I fell uncomfortable wearing the dress. Stole from the office. S3E21
What did the ear of corn say when all of its clothes fell off? Aw shucks!
(accidentally invented when heard words out of context) What kind of food did Hitler eat? Notseafood
I grew up in a very sheltered household. Our house had 17 roofs. We had alcoves upon alcoves. I wore a tarp wherever I went.
A man buys a house The guy he buys it from says ""we printed out the deed but didn't have paper so we printed it on this plank of wood, will that be okay?"" ""That wooden deed""
How do you guarantee that your wishes always come true? Wish for something that is already true.
4 out of 5 dentists agree, that 5th dentist is an asshole.
What do Donald Trump and the iPhone 7 have in common? They both think de-porting is the answer after there's no more Job's
I surveyed 100 women and asked them what shampoo they used when showering. 98 of them said, ""How the hell did you get in here?""
Nothing brings a family closer at graduation than a flask.
I went out for dinner last night. The Captain's Basket was on special for $7.00. I tried it just for the halibut.
How many out of date redditers does it take to change a light bulb? OVER 9000
I put the 'fun' in 'dyslexic'.
How do you throw a space party? You planet!
What do you call a fly without any wings? A walk
Dear people who question why girls go to the bathroom together - Hermione went alone and got attacked by a troll
What's the United States favorite brand of shortening? San Fran Crisco
Nice told me a joke How many bakers does it take to run a bakery? Bun Edit: Title should say Niece
Why do women hate panty lines? Because like, it sucks waiting around for underwear.
What did little no armed Jimmy get for Christmas? Gloves! Haha I'm joking. He hasn't opened it yet.
This table is a bit wobbly, one of the legs appears to be shorter, Luckily I have just been given a copy of the new album by Nickleback
How do you spell relief? F-A-R-T
""I'm dying call me an ambulance"" Best friend: ""Ok dying, you're an ambulance""
To where going Batman running fast? To the Bathroom
Whats the difference between a joke and 2 dicks. You cant take a joke
What did Cholera say to Malaria? Are you gonna Jaundice on Saturday?
They say the best way to prepare your kids for loss in later life is to have pets. So I bought a puppy and shot it in front of them. I'm not having my kids growing up damaged.
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a four-year old child? Eric Clapton never would have let his bag of coke fall out of a 49th-story window!
Freedom of speech [deleted]
My grandpa's a total perv My mom told me he had a stroke at my sisters dance recital!
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide. *bows*
What did the commitment averse monster truck announcer say to his girlfriend when she asked him, ""When are you going to finally ask me to marry you?"" ###SOMEDAY ###SOMEDAY! ###SOMEDAY!!
What do you call a group of homosexual musicians from India who never get to play out? A Gay Raj band
Why is Italy shaped like a boot? Well, can't fit that much shit in a sneaker!
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts. Cause a sheep can hear a zipper a mile away.
An amoralist, a nihilist, and a world-weary cynic walk into a bar. The bartender says ""Sorry, we don't serve minors in here."".
What's the difference between a lawnmower and a hooker? When I'm choking the lawnmower, I don't stick my dick in it.
Dirty limericks? GO! [NSFW] There once was a girl named Alice Who used dynamite as a phallus They found her vagina in South Carolina And bits of her tits in Dallas
I recently learned my friend likes to be dominated by his girlfriend in bed. I wouldn't have pegged him for that.
How did a mom figure out her daughter had hit puberty? She kept wetting the bed.
OMG you guys, my penis is doing the most adorable thing right now!
If you cool your body down to -273,16 degrees celsius.. ..you'd be 0K
DMX is in jail Because X didn't give it to them.
*wife opens present* ""You got me the action figure you wanted?"" Ugh if you don't appreciate it then give me it *takes gift and runs to room*
What's a mathematician's favorite plant? Geometry
What's the difference between babies and cats People want to see pictures of your cat.
I'm glad to see Reddit is so environmentally friendly! Especially /r/jokes. They are full of recycled content!
A conservative is beating a liberal in a debate [removed]
Camper: Is it easy to milk a cow? Farmer: Sure it is. Any jerk can do it.
One of the anchors on CBS Sports just referred to smoking weed as ""toking salad"" and from that alone I'll bet my life savings he's a dad
What looks ridiculous and is often spotted on top of an asshole? Donald Trump's Hair.
What happened to the native man that drank 23 cups of tea? He went home and drowned in his tea pee.
Just showed my 4 yo niece that I can still do a cartwheel and now she is showing me where the ice packs are.
Why did Jesus stop playing Hockey? He just kept getting nailed to the boards. Sorry too anyone offended, but come on, why are you here if you get offended. PS, Sorry Jesus, its funny!
So a lumber jack was severely injured this evening... It was quite the accident.
What's the difference between funny jokes, and the jokes that make always make it big on reddit? Puns. Fuck puns.
You know your old when you come close to shaving your nipple off while trying to shave your legs!
An officer gets shot in a marijuana raid...
""PARTY FOWL"" someone yelled as the drunk duck did another keg stand
When I was a kid my mother stopped breast feeding me. I asked her why and she says ""hey, I just wanna be friends.""
If you ever feel useless... .. Remember that there is a comment section on porn sites.
My wife informs me that today our 2YO daughter said, ""fart" and laughed uproariously. Three times. So, yeah. That one's mine.
Whats the KKK's favorite type of cake? Sheet cake.
What did the officials say whenever systematic punishment was banned? There's no punchline.
Every Husband is a farmer by default. His survival solely depends on ""agree""culture... ""Agree""culture increases the GDP (Gross Domestic Peace). Not my original. Just heard at a party recently. :)
A worm is a pretty disappointing prize for getting up early if you ask me.
Are you alone? Afraid? Lonely? Then you'd better turn up the TV because I just heard a noise
What do you call an detective's glasses? Inspectacles
Why wouldn't Samus go below Brinstar? Because she was a-Kraid to. Now I think about it, this joke is a bit more ""Riddle-y" than say an actual joke.
My dentist isn't racist. He has loads of plaque friends.
How many animals can fit into a pair of pantyhose? Ten pigs, two calves, one beaver, and an ass.
What do you get if you cross a teddy bear with a pig ? A teddy boar !
I tape microwave popcorn to the ceiling cause it's cheaper than a smoke alarm.
*Tries to go into debt* DEBT: I have a boyfriend
What did the ""O"" call the Zero? Weirdo!
Me: ""If Americans say 'sidewalk', what do we mean in England?"" My six year old: ""Crab!""
I never warn my wife before I pull the anal beads out.. I like starting the mower on the first tug.
50 years from now...""Remember that time we were fighting the riot police and the National Guard ..."" ""...and your mommy shows up and kicks your ASS?""
I just had the biggest bowel movement of my life then turned around and the toilet was empty. Needless to say I completely lost my shit
Two fish are in a tank.. One turns to the other and asked ""Do you know how to drive this thing?""
The US economy That's the joke.
The year is 2030: All corporations have merged and every night before bed you say a prayer to your cable company.
In awkward situations I'll sometimes break out my braille version of Calvin and Hobbes. You know - comic relief.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya, personal trainer. Obesity killed my father. Prepare to diet.
In an alternate universe, the President... is given an attache and told not to press the button inside beyond the most dire circumstances. Instructions nuclear.
A man walks into a bar and says, ""David Foster Wallace was not the greatest writer to ever live."" .
Feminist are boycotting James Coney Island.. They claim it's all about the wieners
Carl: Perfect weather tonight. Me: Tell me something I don't know. Carl: Butterflies taste with their feet. Me: Fair enough.
Whats the difference between a Pope and acne? Acne doesn't come on a boy's face until he is around 12.
When a man falls off a boat, you say, ""Man overboard!"" What do you say when a woman falls off a boat? ""Full speed ahead!""
""Wolfgang Mozart"", says Mozart's friend... ""What?!"" replies Mozart. Then they are both eaten by a gang of wolves.
According to my current parking spot, I'm Chief of Police.
TOASTER OVEN: Do you really need another Hot Pocket? ME: You shut your mouth TO: If I shut my mouth will you stop putting Hot Pockets in it
Where does the General keep hs armies? In his sleevies.
Customer: Why is my hairline  receding? Barber: It's not. Your scalp is advancing.
Why aren't kids under the age of 18 allowed to watch videos about duck calls without the consent of a parent? Because they contain a lot of fowl language.
The Kardashian Family motto: Getting black men off since the OJ trial.
Why did the whale cross the road? To get to the other tide.
Why is golf better than sex? It lasts for hours and they are 18 different holes.
The movie was better than the book because I'm illiterate.
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11? In the US you can't milk a cow for 14 years.
""The main thing about being a woman is trying to lock in moisture"" -TV
I like Jesus but he loves me, so it's awkward.
Squirrels run around like they're being chased. Nobody cares about you. You live in tree. Get a job
The Defecator. ""That's not even a real Transformer."" Beat it, kid.
Two guys in Ohio die and wake up in hell The paramedics revived them
Here in England, we drive on the right side of the road. If we drove on the wrong side, there'd be a lot more crashes.
My son is a star mathlete. He has developed a geometric formula for fitting his body perfectly into a locker.
What did the Redditor say at his wedding? TIL death do us part.
Why was the alligator sad? It had a kiddie meal but didn't get a toy.
NEWS ANCHOR: Here's Gary with day 1 of his outdoor summer weather report. GARY: [frying an egg on the sidewalk] I quit. Back to you, John.
i went to a wedding for two antennae The ceremony was pretty bad, but the reception was amazing
After announcing our weight at birth, parents shouldn't stop. If they announced it at every birthday, we'd all be a lot skinnier.
What happens when a lawyer takes Viagra? He gets taller.
What happens to a tipped cow? They can't MOOve
In honor of America's upcoming Independence Day, do you know why America spells ""behavior"", ""color"", and ""humor"" the way they do? Because **fuck u**, that's why!
An Islamic person and a Christian person are arguing theology, and one says to the other ""let's be reasonable"". Ba doom' chaaa.
GOD: hey my son is broken, he won't absolve the sins of mankind IT GUY: try turning him off, waiting 3 days, then turning him back on again
So I caught my dog chewing on a tree yesterday. He said the bark was really rough.
Have you heard that all the buses and trains are stopping today? No. Is there a strike? No they're stopping to let the passengers off.
What's Bill Clinton's drug of choice? Blow.
Where does Saddam Hussein keep his plates? In Iraq.
Do you know what they feed you at Guantanamo Bay? Well after being there for 30 years, neither do I!
Why did the run-on sentence take a pregnancy test? Because its period came too late.
I feel like a lot of single women have been naming their cats Adele this year.
That awkward moment when sluts hate on other sluts for being sluts.
I'm getting concerned that Beyonce never told those single ladies to put their hands down and now there's a bunch of unfed cats out there.
[Robot Uprising] Human: Oh no a robot! What kind are you? Robot: I am a counting machine Human: Oh thank g Robot: Now killing human #53822
Here's to alcohol, the cause of  and solution to  all life's problems.
Why are waiters terrible pornstars? They only want the tip
Did you hear about that fire at the circus?! I heard it was in tents!
My dad thought it would be a good idea to show my girlfriend my baby photos. ""You haven't changed at all."" she laughed. ""That's enough of the naked ones, please."" I told him.
""Were you in Paris on your  vacation?"" ""I don't know my wife got the tickets.""
What's 9 inches long, purple, and I love to shove it down my girlfriend's throat? Her miscarriage.
[Sahara desert] Me: *shares canteen* Companion: *holds it to his mouth but nothing comes out* Me: it's ketchup, you have to wait a bit.
What's the diffrence between a girl in a church and a girl in a bath? The girl in a church has a soul full of hope and the girl in a bath has, well... EDIT: better structure.
Sometimes people want to have full conversations really early in the morning and it's okay to kill those people.
POLICE CHIEF: They call him the copycat killer ONE OF THE COPS (mocking tone): They call him the copycat killer [everyone looks at him] Oops
A deer walks into a bar 3 people leave realizing how dangerous a deer in a bar is.
The worst part of being an astronaut would be eventually having to come back to Earth and deal with other people.
Went out for a few drinks with some hedgehogs last night... I got spiked
""Doctor, is the baby healthy?"" ""Yes Kanye, and just so you know I was the first one to hold her."" ""Huh?"" *Ray-J pulls off surgical mask
How do you find a vegan at your dinner party? Don't worry, they'll tell you.
People say I'm a stand up guy.. ....but I prefer to sit down when I can. Good morning everyone!
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a pencil. An explanation please?
My Grandfather was one of those Unorthodox Jews. He was a Nazi.
Every time I use <3 in an @ to someone, I can't help but think, ""Please accept this carrot with balls as a token of how much I heart you.""
What did the ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, it just waved
Unlike Rick Astley, this tweet is likely to let you down.
Birth control??? Here watch my kids for 10 minutes.
How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag? You take the F out of safe, and the F out of way.
I enjoy much more playing lots of videogames then having sex with Emma Watson.. In that particular order.
Whats the difference between a rooster and a prostitute? One goes ""cockadoodle doo"", the other goes, ""Any cock 'ill do."" Old joke my 60-something grandfather told me when I was 10
The Tea Party is the biggest case of Stockholm Syndrome ever. Poor people rallying to the cause of those keeping them in poverty.
They say never go food shopping when you're hungry but it's been over a week now and every day I just get hungrier.
Pretty cute that my husband wanted to role-play that I was his maid and then not break character for 14 years.
What are those small bumps around women's nipples? It's Braille for ""Suck Here""
Why are double amputees always wrong? Because they don't have a leg to stand on. Note: I'm a right leg amputee and I made this up myself.
My Girlfriend Called Me A Pedophile... I said: ""That's an awfully big word for a 6 year old!""
So 22 counties in Alabama are refusing to issue gay marriage licenses on the grounds that they believe in the traditional marriage of a man and his sister.
The man who created knock knock jokes deserves a no-bell prize.
What do you call an Optomitrist who is very highly thought of in his community? Respectacle
What is your mom's favorite animal? Macaque.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
Me, as a judge: OK we'll take a quick recess now. *lawyers start discussing lawyer things* *I go outside and swing on the swingset*
i dont care what anyone says, i dont have a follow up statement i just dont care what anyone says.
A comedian is called to the IRS... ...they tell him he owes more taxes. He says, ""Why?"" They say, ""Because we appreciated your humor.""
Why can't you surf on microwaves? Because they're too small.
Mum why am i getting my Christmas present in August? Because its cheaper than chemo.
What do you call a Chinese fly with no wings? A wok.
What's the difference between a catfish and a lawyer? One's a bottom-feeding scum-sucker and the other one's a fish.
What do you call someone from Zimbabwe holding a bottle cap in their hand? A trillionaire.
Woke up with no money. I was robbed last night by a guy who looks exactly like me, but drunker.
Spaces matter in Spanish! Why? Because.
I heard they came out with the new black transformer... His name is Optimus *Crime*
What is Walt Jr.'s favorite movie? The Breakfast Club.
My uncle, as an oncologist.... ... has a great sense of tumor.
Free joke for rats: Pick up a cashew and pretend to use it as a phone.
If a cougar is a woman who likes younger boys... then a man who likes younger boys must be a Nittany lion!
I know this guy who prematurely ejaculates and he just comes out of no where...
An Irishman and his bean soup Why did the Irishman only want 239 beans in his soup? Because one more would be too farty.
While I might feel unsure how to react, my middle finger is well versed in handling stupid people.
My date thinks he's gonna get me drunk, & then get in my pants. The joke is on him, coz my tolerance is sky high & I'm wearing a skirt.
Person I tried to rob describing me to the police: ""long hair, wearing pajamas, honestly she didn't seem very committed to it.""
Hillary Clinton hot sauce Fiery and Bernie out the back end
What type of flour do you buy an orphan? Self raising.
a man walks into a bar he had a concussion and died
Here in California Catholics use non-fat, high fiber communion wafers. They call them ""I can't believe it's not Jesus""
1) Go to Starbucks 2) Order coffee 3) Tell them your name is Waldo 4) Leave
Being fat is over weighted.- Elmer Fudd
Stop burning bridges. They're not even good kindling. Just use sticks.
Where do you get sent if you have a brainfreeze? The iceeu
What was the burglar doing at Wayne Manor? Robin.
*classic 90's sitcom where sister is taking too long in the bathroom* Sister: hold on I'm taking a big shit. *theme music plays*
Her: baby can you come up here and play with me? Me: *sprints up stairs Her: I'm kidding. Can you hand me the remote? Me: this is so us
An ironic joke walks into a bar, orders a beer, and sits down Bartender says hey! We're straight talkers here... no irony allowed. Ironic joke says well that's fine then, because I just want a beer.
Why do they eat snails in France? They don't like fastfood
What do you call someone with no body and a nose? Nobody knows!
Her Parents: Tell us how u two love birds met Me: We were in a tweet contest & was added to a DM room & then I gave her a fake trophy HP: ..
What was the pedophile's favourite drink? The milkshake, because it brought all the boys to his yard
""How many dead bodies do I have to leave on the porch before they acknowledge me?"" -Cats
What's the difference between Jesus and a vagina? A vagina is still good after a couple of nails
What do you call someone with no body and a nose? Nobody knows.
I asked 100 women which shampoo they preferred.... Almost all of them replied, ""How the hell did you get in here?""
""To be is to do"" - Socrates. ""To do is to be"" - Nietzsche. ""Do be do be do"" - Sinatra. ""Beep beep beep"" - R2D2.
Two snowmen were talking on a cold day... One of them said to the other: ""funny, I smell carrots too!""
Why did the Kurd bury his music collection? His tribesman said ""ISIL is approaching, and they're coming for Yazidis.""
A guy in New York is selling the world's largest video game collection, which includes 11,000 games. He doesn't really want to sell it, but he needs some way to pay for the divorce.
It is well known...
How do you say Tony Romo in Spanish?(X-post r/nfl) Mark Sanchez.
Mom mom are farts heavy? ""no, son""... ""oh I guess I shit myself then""
What do you call a horny guy in a pool? Driftwood
I've counted 8 people so far whose New Year's resolutions include ""loose weight"". Can I add spelling to your list too?
Spoiler Alert: In the season finale of Game of Thrones, YOU die.
Why is their always lightning in France? Obviously, since lightning takes the path of least resistance.
Your restraining order says NO But your lazy eye says.......maybe later.
I live in a hutch filled with vibrating cedar chips
What did Adam say to Eve? Stand back, I don't know how big this thing gets!
Please stop telling me how you wish you had my curly hair. You don't know the struggle of waking up looking like Mufasa.
It's hard to be naked and baked without wondering why the two words don't rhyme.
Pinocchio was going down on his GF, she started yelling lie to me, lie to me. Pinocchio:"" i love you""!
Coughing problems -My wife is constantly coughing. We have tried everything and nothing helps. -Have you tried weed? -Yes, she is coughing and laughing.
I've noticed... I've noticed, if you're scared of spiders they always turn up in your bedroom. So by using that logic... I'm scared of blonde girls with big boobs.
""Will I ever live in a clean house again?"" *shakes magic 8 ball *magic 8 ball explodes and makes a mess
How does the pig farmer get to the fair? He rides piggyback.
it might be a handjob for her... but it's a career for me.
Where did the man with an undecorated yard put his spare change? His Hedge Fund.
Why don't cannibals eat the feet? Because they are lactoes intolerant. Told to me by my 12 year old.
Dark humor is like clean water... it's just not accessible to everyone.
Short Dad Joke These kind of jokes always make me laugh a little, if you don't get it at first.. think about it! ""A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop.""
Q: Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months? A: Because on the box it said From 2-4 years.
Hush Puppies I felt like getting some Hush Puppies, but wanted something a bit more intense, so I went to the biker bar and ordered some Shut the Fuck Up Puppies
What do you get when you take Viagra with an iron supplement? an erection that points north.
Some people are too chipper early in the morning. They don't realize how bad it is for their health.....until I'm choking them
What do you call the sound a ghost makes when he calls you? A phone moan.
Jersey Shore was doomed the moment they named it after Pauly Shore.
What do two cousins say after they have sex? Roll Tide.
How do circumcision doctors get paid? In tips.
I have ADHD and have troubles getting to sleep. Doctor recommended counting sheep... 1 sheep. 2 sheep. 3 sheep. Cow. Duck. Horse. *Old MacDonald had a farm* and bingo was his name-o!
My neighbour is singing under the shower again. Luckily, i can't hear her through my binoculars.
A man arrives home and was absolutely delighted when he saw that someone had stolen every single lamp from his house
Damn girl, are you my Bachelor's degree because you wasted my time and now I hate you.
Don't reply to nuclear reactors that say they're ugly. They're just fission for compliments.
Somewhere right now, a girl just uploaded a picture of a place she went to in the past with a caption that says ""take me back </3""
What do you call a white person wearing glasses while playing Yu-Gi-Oh? Four eyes white dragon. ^sorry if repost, thought of this myself.
That kid looks like me. Somebody should warn him.
I have a nightlight flashlight...I can only see in the dark for 2 seconds in 10 second intervals
What's black and white and red all over... An interracial couple getting what they deserved.
A lot of problems in the world would disappear if we talk TO EACH OTHER instead of about each other.
I put a wooden desk and a blackboard in my bedroom. You know, to make it more classy.
In the year 1973, there were 2000 Elvis Impersonators. By 1993, over 30,000. At this rate, by 2050 1 out of 3 people will be Elvis
Before their conflict with the Decepticons, the Autobots won a much less interesting but emotionally charged war against the Emoticons.
What's DJ Khaleds favourite number? 11, because it has another one
What did the /r/news mod say to the other /r/news mod? [censored]
[Nsfw]What is in common between broccoli and anal? Both feel bad as adult, if you're forced as a child
They say the heart is the most resilient organ... it can really take a beating.
What's at the end of Moby Dick? A whale of a time!
What do you get when you mix chocolate milk and cocaine? Ovalsheen. Credit goes to my cousin on this one.
What is Vladimir's computer always doing? ComPutin
What do you get if you cross a gardener with a banker? A box hedge fund!
just realized I have more in common with Garfield than I have with most people
Forgot to do laundry again. I bet everyone at work is going to love my prom dress.
Why shouldn't you buy underwear made in the Ukraine? Because Chernobyl fallout.
I Always Give 100% [FIXED] 20% on Monday, 20% on Tuesday, 20% on Wednesday...
Yep, it's a Yo-Mama joke Yo Mama'a so fat that when she goes to New York people say: That's one Big Apple.
In the words of a famous troublemaker I have a dream.
The truth about Chemistry Chemistry is all about experiments. Because Chem-is-try.
What's the difference between a skeptic and a conspiracy theorist? You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
What do you get a man who has everything? storage
The news from Australia yesterday was terrifying That poor Muslim guy, I'd hate to be trapped in a room full of Australians too.
Cashier: Cute kid, how old? Mom: Thank you, 28 months & 4days. What's my total? Cashier: Your total is 756 quarters & 8 dimes. #cashierlife
If I bought a balloon for $0.99... How much should I sell it for when I adjust for inflation?
The reason the earth's core is hot Is because my mixtape is so underground
It was a classic Cinderella story: I walked into strangers' houses and made women try on a shoe I found
JOB INTERVIEWER: so, what was your last job? DR. FRANKENSTEIN: bodybuilding
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle? A-tyre
Batman: *puts on glasses* Hey do I still look like Bruce Wayne? Superman: Um obviously. Batman: Think about that for a second.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking. 
Have you heard? Have you heard of the Arkadian Genocide? Exactly.
I mentioned to my friend Hanz that today's the anniversary of the world trade center attacks. ""Nein, 11"" he said.
Do you want to know that people care whether you're alive? Try missing a couple of payments.
Q: What is the difference between a flashing red traffic light and a flashing yellow traffic  light? A: The color.
Say, hypothetically, I was stuck in an air vent over a dressing room at Lane Bryant. What kind of legal issues am I dealing with?
You'd think your skeleton would get soggy, but doesn't. Good work, skeleton.
If you call someone from America American and someone from Mexico Mexican what do you call someone from Tibet? Chinese
What do you call a women who always knows where her husband is? A widow
What's it called when a planet orbits its sun 8 times? An orbyte
Purifying yourself in the waters of Lake Minnetonka Not as effective as NyQuil
I'd like to say that ALL quilts are great... ...but I try to avoid making blanket statements.
Hitting on girls at the bar is like payday I never get the number I asked for.
What do you call a fish with 27 eyes? Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiish
Families that do Christmas card photo shoots months before Christmas have the organizational skills of high-level Nazis.
I have a problem with people that are missing body parts. I guess I might just be lack-toes-intolerant.
Until my sneezes have time to figure out their beliefs, please stop blessing them.
friend: here he comes. dont set him off again. me: ok me&friend: hey JADEN SMITH: What If We Are the Hay, And The World Is Harvesting Us?
Knock knock Who's there? I got up.
""Lincoln"" is a terrible movie The main character dies at the end.
There's no sticker warning me not to eat this box of nails so I guess I'll just go for it.
[Bruce Wayne enters Gotham Orphanage] I'll take your finest orphan. ""Sir, we can't just give-"" Here's $50mil. ""Do you like boy acrobats?""
50,000 battered women in America every year.. and I've been eating mine plain this whole time.
I dated an hermaphrodite... It was an ""hermaphrodate""
A man gets into an accident in which both his ring fingers are cut off. Needless to say, his wife was shocked.
I'm not Madagascar, I'm just disappointedgascar
Why are black people so fast? Because all the slow ones are in prison
""Have you heard about the new pirate movie?"" ""It's rated aaarrrrrrrr.""
If you've ever wondered what it's like to try to dress a jelly fish, here, try to get pants on my toddler
I have a friend whose fetish is cashews. He's fucking nuts.
""Money doesn't grow on trees"" is something rich people say so you won't find their money trees.
What did the male potato chip say to the female potato chip? Are you Frito-lay?
Don't google ""can you die from an ear infection"" at 2am
Worst math joke I know. Two students sit in a geometry class. One says to the other ""I'm cold!"" The other says ""go sit in the corner."" ""Why?"" replies the first. ""Because its 90 degrees!""
What's the only difference between a near sighted and a far sighted gynecologist ? A wet nose.
What's long and hard on a black guy? A math test.
What's the worst part about getting raped by an eskimo? Being forced Inuit.
How do you make a hippopotamus float? 2 hippos and a LOT of root beer.
Whenever my grandma comes to visit and I hear a loud thud from upstairs, I go for a coffee and think about the cool stuff I just inherited.
A tad bit racist... How do you starve a black man? Put his food-stamps next to his work boots.
I used to do drugs i still do, but i used to to. -Mitch rip the legendary Mitch Hedberg
I like my hot wings like I like my Holy Infants... ...tender and mild.
If my dog could talk he'd say ""You hang up first...""
[marriage counselling] Her: he always thinks he's talking to me on CB radio Me: I don't, over Her: It's over Me: It's what? Over
I was reading in the paper... And I read about some midget that got pick pocketed. I thought to myself, ""Who could stoop so low?""
He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Chuck Norris, dies by the roundhouse kick.
Remember to look both ways before crossing a woman.
Yeah, America is the so called ""land of the free"", but you try to bring a monkey on board the plane and suddenly everyone's all about rules.
What did the great Ape shout to the pilots who tried to shoot him off the skyscraper? Listen hotshots don't monkey around with me!
The phrase ""This shit is bananas"" probably originated from the guy who had to clean out the monkey cage at the zoo.
Why did it rain on Christmas Eve? Because of Santa and his Raindeer.
I never understood why Bill Clinton felt the need to cheat on Hillary . . . After all, she's proven to be great at getting sex offenders off.
How many anarchists does it take to change a lightbulb? Trick question, anarchists can't change anything.
A bee is willing to end it's own life just to cause you a tiny amount of pain. I can relate to that level of pettiness.
I've kissed so many frogs trying to find a prince that I've actually discovered several new species.
What do you call a mouse with cheese but no crackers? Cracka-lackin
What do Pink Floyd &amp
My office got a shredder, so now I have to buy a turtle costume to fight it on Monday. Work is hard.
What type of jokes don't work Dark jokes.
A nail walks into a bar And gets hammered.
What's the difference between a 1950s mental asylum and my fridge? One's filled with fruits and vegetables, the other's my fridge.
A salmon that jumps on the hook for ya http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdAoQvqh7eY
If you tell me my life would be SO much easier if I'd organize everything, I swear I will stab you with a fork. As soon as I find my fork.
OMG. My wife's boyfriend made such a fuss when I told his parents at dinner about how noisy those two are in bed.
What's the difference between a Mexican and an elevator? One can raise a child.
I got aids in prison.. Hearing aids. I should've used them though, I might've been able to hear the guy that snuck up on me in the shower and gave me HIV.
People say I'm not good with Greek Mythology... I guess that it's my Achilles wrist.
Tim Cook officially came out of the closet... at least this is the one time when Android users can't claim that theirs came out first.
Me:*looks up from phone* Okay, it was Mr. Plum in the ballroom with the wrench. Family: M: Mom: We stopped playing that game 5 hours ago.
Why did the stoner put laxatives in the pot brownies? For shits and giggles
My friend David had his ID stolen the other day so now we just call him Dav.
What did the homeless yoga instructor say when he was told to leave his camp site? Namaste.
Pupil: The art teacher doesn't like what I'm making ? Dad: Why is that what are you making ? Pupil: Mistakes !
Why is North Korea so polluted? They have supreme litter.
What's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole? Donald Trump's tie.
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a bike and a poorly dressed man on a unicycle? Attire.
I have this wart. I didn't like it at first, but it grew on me.
5: ""I went to Banana Land. The bananas danced & had flowers & tiny pandas on their heads."" Me: ""I'll have whatever that kid's having.""
What does Donald Trump say when he's mad? There'll be hell toupee!
A magician is driving down a road... and turns into a driveway.
Me: What are you up to? Her: I'm making Chinese. Me: Cloning's unethical. Hahaha just kidding. Make me a math tutor.
A man tried to sell me a coffin today I told him that was the last thing I needed.
What's the difference between a weasel and a stoat? A weasel is weasily recognised and a stoat is stoatally different!
Since my girlfriend discovered out the eyeroll and tongue sticking emojis she doesn't have to type words anymore.
A dog runs for senator... He has no previous experience in pawlitics
Before you tell me anything about your kid you should know I'm going to mentally leave my body.
[NSFW] What does a vagina and the weather have in common? When its wet its time to go inside
What did the shower say to the toilet? ""You may get more ass than I do, but look at all the shit you have to take"".
Whenever I'm down in the dumps, I get myself new clothes. They smell a little bit but at least they're free.
So I organized a threesome last night.... There were a couple of no-shows, but I still had fun.
Don't compare whales to feminists... It's very offensive to whales
I before E, except after C, or when sounding like A in words like neighbor and weigh. **Weird...**
A man is asked why he can't see the Fifty Shades of Gray movie... He replies, ""I'm color blind and can only see 36 of them.""
What do George Michael and Carrie Fisher have in common? Both their first names have six letters. That's it. For now. Edit: they're both dead.
Me: Dad, am I adopted? Dad: Shit, like I'd have picked you?
Things I know I cannot do but still try to: 1. Cartwheel 2. Hit the high note 3. Move things with my mind 4. Eat 'just one' 5. Be Cool
I just downloaded more RAM... ...but I still can't play No Man's Sky.
Stephen Harper lost the Canadian election. He was given aboot.
Q: What did the football say to the football player? A: I get a kick out of you.
Why are native americans the best strippers? Because when they dance they make it rain.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?... None, they can't change anything.
A good way to force people to feel whatever you're feeling is to hum in public
In my local park there are three holes in the ground... Well, well, well.
What did the two vaginas say to the butthole? ""Don't hate us if you anus.""
Where do they make satis? In a satisfactory
The problem with the French is that they don't have a word for entrepreneur. -George.W.Bush
What does a toddler get drunk off of? Jack Danimals!
Have you guys heard about the corduroy pillows? There making head lines. (classic) Edit: goddammit...they're
A priest, a homosexual, and a paedophile walk into a bar...... And then a second guy walks in
Dear readers of reddit, What is the best insult/comeback you've ever thrown down?
What did Oprah say when she visited Harlem? ""YOU get a father, and YOU get a father, and YOU get a father! Everybody gets a father!!!
My wife's birthday is in two days, and she told me ""Nothing would make me happier than a diamond ring"". So I bought her nothing.
I had an odd-job man in to help me do some work around the house. I gave him a list of 10 things to do. He only did numbers 1, 3, 5, 7 and 9.
Why did Simba's dad die in a stampede? Because he didn't Moofassa enough! Edit: general consensus was to add ""enough""
If retards are supposed to be so stupid how come I have never seen one smoking?
I hate people who talk about me behind my back... They discussed me.
Where do Angelfish swim? The Holy See
What is the difference between unlawful and illegal? One is against the law and the other is sick bird.
International Women's Day That's the joke
My friend wants a fairy tale wedding, so I'm going to poison her. I hope that's what she meant.
Why did the chicken say, ""Meow, oink, bow-wow, moo?""    He was studying foreign languages.
I masturbated so good last night That i woke up to find my dick making breakfast
So I was shopping online for antique guns..... and I got to the World War II section. I selected guns of French origin. They were all in mint condition.
""Titanic."" ""What??"" &amp
Why was the guy from 127 Hours arrested for espionage? He was proven guilty of providing arms to Iraq
What is a pirates favorite letter? Most say the letter 'R' But a pirates first love is the mighty 'C' By the mighty 'C' I mean the clitoris YARRRRHHHHHhhh.....
I've been fired from work for putting in too many shifts Keyboard manufacturing isn't as easy as you think
You know the 'Done' button you press to exit a video? How come it only sounds judgy and sarcastic after I've finished jacking off?
Do you want to hear a short joke? Never mind, it'd probably go right over your head anyway.
""hello 9-1-1 whats your emergency?"" hi yes it's me again i left the house 3 min ago but just realized i forgot my headphones
Her: I'm just a vintage soul Me: and a vintage face.. That's how the fight started
What do you call a bear that is missing all of its teeth?? A Gummy Bear!
Why do ghosts carry tissues? Because they have BOOOOgers.
Two tectonic plates are having a heated argument... They seem to have diverging opinions.
Why didn't Edward leave his house? Because he was Snowden.
I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago... ...and so far, all it's been doing is gathering dust.
Write a quickly escalating inappropriate joke
I am in prison for something I didn't do I didn't pay my taxes
What did the mexican say when two houses fell on him? Get off me, homes!
Which is the smallest pub in the world? The Thalidomide Arms.
When the space shuttle gets back from its last mission, wouldn't it be hilarious if we were all dressed as apes?
Baseball is my favorite sport, because you can play it on a professional level with food in your mouth.
Tip for twitter newbies: Before you start using twitter, please make sure this is really what you want to do with the rest of your life.
My girlfriend made me watch a movie with her about how women struggled during their menstrual cycles in the 18th century. It was a period piece
I want to be part of the 27 club I'm just DYING to get in.
Donald Trump and I agree on one thing. We both would like to bang his daughter.
Why do cannibals prefer to eat blind people? Because with one sense gone they taste really good. Sorry, that was wrong... they taste really well.
I spilled spot remover on my dog Now he's gone.
I like to date intelligent girls who are taller than me. It keeps me on my toes.
What kind of batteries do stuttering Canadians use? Triple Eh's.
Who's going to lose the upcoming election? Society.
Anne Frank's famous last words. Brb, door
I'm tired of women touching and playing with it but no one wants to blow it. Damn vuvuzelas!
Black Betty walked into a butcher shop and asked for beef. The butcher replied, ""No Black Betty, Ham or Lamb?""
I put a lot of basil, parsley, rosemary and thyme in my old Volkswagen Beetle... ..it became herby.
Sociology homework. I need to compile ten jokes. 5 from females, 5 from males. Could I please get jokes, as well as genders?
I bet Adam and Eve loved being the first people cuz they didn't have to worry about ghosts
You know, I love the ocean I think in a past life I was a semen
I don't get this joke. Can someone explain it to me? My sister's fiance is so short that he has trouble playing computer games. The only way he can reach the keyboard is if he lies flat on the ground.
What do you say when you find two banana peels together? Answer: A pair of slipper
Why are assholes always more successful than you? Because they make shit happen.
Whenever someone well known dies, social networks turn into an online obituary. #DontActLikeYouCare,  @MaleHonesty86
I've tried all week long and still haven't been able to teach this baby how to Dougie. Does anyone know the return policy in these things?
I thought the author of Harry Potter was a guy. J.K.
Back in my day, Nintendo Wii meant you peed your pants because you wouldn't move for hours playing Super Mario Bros.
Son: am I adopted? Me: not yet, but we're hopeful.
Why did the hipster burn its tongue? Beacuse he drank the coffee before it was Cool
What's a paralympian's worst nightmare? Testing positive for WD-40
James calls a doc for help... Doctor my wife is pregnant. She is having pain right now. Doctor: Is this her first child? James: Nope. It's her husband!
Just thought of one: Why is an abortionist good to have on your team? If you conceive something, they can execute it.
Relationship Status: Got put in the friend zone by a succubus playing around on a Ouija board. I can't even get lucky in the spirit world.
Lesbian Couple A girl asked me what my view on lesbian couples was. Apparently ""in HD"" wasn't the right answer.
What is a pirates favorite letter? You think it'd be R, but his true love is the C.
It's such a beautiful day I had to open the window while I watched TV.
A man shows up to his psychiatrist completely naked but covered with saran wrap... Psychiatrist says, ""I can clearly see you're nuts!""
My girlfriend had a sexual fantasy to roleplay as a 14 year old in bed. I think it's pretty gross. Besides, she'll be 14 in 2 years anyway.
Why are ships' portholes round? So that if they break, water doesn't hit you square in the face.
My buddy used to say ""why should I wash my towels? After I shower, I'm the cleanest thing in the room."" He's still single.
Oh no! Playstation and Xbox online services are down! Someone call an ambulance! Wii U Wii U Wii U.
What's white, big and could kill you if it fell out of a tree? A fridge.
[wearing World's Best Dad shirt] Wife: whys there blood on your shirt? Me: its not my blood Guy bleeding out in the yard: its not your shirt
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalotopuss.
Wrapping gifts and one kid has more than the other so to even it up I hope she likes this bag of potatoes.
What is the fastest way to lose pounds? Leave EU.
I had small wookiee steak for dinner... ...it was a little chewie.
What's invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny farts.
I watched the bonus features on a porn movie today. It just showed a woman crying in the shower, washing all the cum out of her hair.
There's an entire group of white people who believe the most cultured thing you can do is decorate your home with weird Asian themed stuff.
My wife is so sweet Every time she goes to a bar alone she gives me her wedding ring so I can think about her all night long.
I like my women like I like my wine.... Nine years old and locked in my basement.
What's invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny farts!
Breakdown of time spent cleaning my office: 5% Cleaning 95% Studying long forgotten artifacts of my past
My wife and I do it doggy-style... ...she plays dead and I beg. -Dan Chopin
One of those trendy avant chefs offered to cook me whale today. I said, please don't... That would make me blubber!
If I had a dollar for every time Hillary played the Woman Card ...I'd have $0.77 cents.
Any party is an ugly sweater party if you're ugly and you sweat a lot
What did the man who invented the bum shaking machine realize when he turned it on? It twerked.
Reason why I'm single... Because it's impossible to be double.
I have a rape joke. Never mind, it's a bit forced.
[me trying to do magic] Is this your card? ""No"" Is THIS your card? ""Not even close"" What about THIS? ""Trent thats literally a piece of ham""
If TV has taught us anything, it's not to get on a boat with a man we have just started dating, for it is there that he will murder us
Knock Knock Batman: Who's there? Alfred: Not your parents. :D
I don't like Fahrenheit. I don't like Celsius. I don't like Kelvin. I prefer to measure my degrees in Radians.
Me: I had to take your hamster back to the shop Son: Why [nervous because I accidentally ran him over with a lawnmower] Me: He's a racist
""How much ice does it take to preserve a dead body?"" *I ask on twitter because googling it gets people caught.
How Did I Make It To The Middle East? Iran there.
How do you keep a redditor wait I'll post the answer tomorrow
My haircuts are just like my sex life Usually do it myself and there's a big mess I hate cleaning up afterwards.
Not sure why, but even when I shower alone, I still get a little nervous when I drop the soap.
Why did batman leave church? Because Christian Baled
Why did the Muslim cross the road? To get to the bigger crowd
Shia Labeouf got rejected for a job he applied for... During a practice run he caused negative results. Apparently he wasn't what the suicide hotline was looking for.
I thought I would be proud of sealing all the Christmas cards myself But the whole ordeal just left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
Sometimes I'll stop the treadmill at the gym and run in place. When people ask me what I'm doing, I'll say, ""Pretend stoplight.""
Chuck Norris is his own line at the DMV.
God: ""At least I didn't get FAT."" Buddha: ""At least I didn't get CRUCIFIED.""
I was playing guitar  then my 2 year old took my guitar pick and dropped it somewhere. ""Where is my pick" I said. He replied ""Oink Oink! "" I repeated the question but got the same answer every time.
I lost my mood ring earlier today... I'm not sure how I feel about that.
Tripler's Dating Tips 20/50: hide a tape recorder in your pocket with a laugh track on it and press play after every single thing you say
Why did Princess Diana cross the road? She was not wearing a seatbelt...
What is the difference between a toad and a horny toad? A toad says rib-it, rib-it. A horny toad says rub-it, rub-it.
Lost your keys? Why not try looking in the same two places 16 times whilst getting increasingly angrier
My coworker left my office an hour ago, but the smell of his cologne remains, like some kind of douchbag ghost.
What do you get when you cross a Jew? Christianity.
I have three jokes. Trump, his opinions, and his political career.
What do you call a little Mexican child? A paragraph, because he's too short to be an essay.
Sometimes I'll take such a good picture of someone I'm like ""this is definitely making it into the slide show at their funeral.""
A man walks up to his friend and asks him what he is doing... The man replies: I'm donating this chair to CHAIRity.
How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her? She found another woman's lipstick on his knuckles.
Scientists have successfully grown vocal chords in a petri dish The results speak for themselves.
This baby at McDonalds may have started the screaming competition, but I guarantee I'm going to win it.
How do you know when it's okay to swim in a pool of milk? When it's past your eyes.
What do a prostitute and a plumber have in common? They both service the john.
My idea of Hell would be Ben Affleck reading me a sushi menu in his ""Boston guy"" voice.
I'd love a video montage of every single time I've walked into a room and forgotten why I'm in there.
Do you think Jesus described his hair color as light blonde or summer wheat?
I was having sex with a female amputee in the dark I trying to figure out why my ass hurt, but she had me stumped.
I will be watching Santa's journey on Norad's website very carefully this year. If he goes to West Africa before coming to the UK, I'm bricking the chimney up.
I once thought about write a book, but quit before I even started. It was a novel idea.
where does a one legged waitress work? I-HOP
5 lil monkeys jumping on the bed one fell off & bumped his head called the doctor & the doctor said U DO NOT HAVE A PERMIT FOR THESE ANIMALS
A man got a car for his wife Now, thats what you call a good trade.
When I got my new job, my boss said I could name my salary But he said ""paltry"" and "" inadequate"" were already taken.
Why did the noodle hide from the other noodles? Because he was Alfredo pasta!
Chuck Norris graduated Summa Cum Laude at Harvard after only 1 class.
It's important even when you're really busy to stop and make time to notice how bad everything is.
I met Lance Armstrong after a party Me: So, Lance, how was the party? Lance (Pensively glancing at the whisky): I had a ball.
Did you know Robert E. Lee was an honor student in high school? He was also voted most likely to secede.
Before you insult a man, walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when you insult him you're a mile away and you have his shoes.
Joke Challenge! Who can make the best joke using the spelling similarities between ""papist"" and ""rapist""? NSFW of course OK.
Why did the fork go to the party? It wanted to have a good tine.
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 is a pedophile and 6 has children.
After giving up crack, I've been sniffing brake fluid for months. It's okay - I can stop anytime I want.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroking Off!
COWORKER: I'm going to my friend's lake house this weekend for a party. ME: *lying* I also have friends.
What was Beethoven's favorite fruit? BA-NA-NA-NAAAAAA!
I love that we're a nation of diversity: a black president, a white vice president, and an orange speaker of the house. #SOTU
Q: How does Hitler tie his shoes? A: With little Nazis.
Pros don't ever use the Tip.
I work at an investment firm We got a new CIO to head up the Agriculture/Farm investment team. He reports to the EIEIO.
Somebody told me to stop singing ""Wonderwall."" I said maybe
Do you like fishsticks? yeah? LIKE IN THE MOUTH? THEN YOU'RE A GAY FISH
I only like 70 things.. One is alcohol. Another is 69.
Just once I'd like to see an Expected Server Error, as if to say ""Yup! We knew this was coming. Sucks for you!""
Camping is a great way to show people that you hate your own home but can't afford a decent hotel.
When is bingo harmless? When its B9!
A sheep,a pot and a snake walk together then fall of a cliff... *Baah Dum Tssssss*
I texted and drive sometimes I guess we all do stupid things when we're drunk
When your friend offers you free food, all trust is gone out the window!!! The fuck did you do to it? Nothing, I swear! Okay I'll take a fucking bite.
Why do dogs wag their tails ? ""Because no one else will do it for them !""
[hospital] SON: I came as soon as I heard. What happened? DAD: The oying hit me SON: What's an oying? DAD: You are, kiddo *dies*
ascent bpo, ascent bpo services, ascent bpo services pvt ltd ascent bpo, ascent bpo services, ascent bpo services pvt ltd ascent bpo, ascent bpo services, ascent bpo services pvt ltd
Reporter: so what is it like being in Maroon 5 when you're not Adam Levine, um Mr. Uh- *quickly googles for his name but google has no idea*
Dogs are probably really excited about dog sledding before they find out what it actually is.
As seen on a masonry truck Cement shop robbed, police investigators find no concrete evidence
Sometimes I like to surprise my neighbours by smiling and waving back at them.
What kinds of guns do T-Rex's prefer? ...mainly SMALL ARMS.
3 tomatoes are walking down the street A dad tomato, a mom tomato and a child tomato. The child starts to lag behind so, the dad walks back to him and squashes him and says ""ketchup""
When I found out that my girlfriend was a vegan... I pretended I'd never met herbivore.
I'm surprised Microsoft didn't resurrect Bing Crosby to counter Google's ad.
I bought a push up bra today... It didn't work, I can still only do 2...
What's someone who hates underwear's favorite song? Free Ballin - Foo Fighters
Hear about the lazy baker who wanted a pay increase? He rarely kneeded the dough.
Little kids will love this one .... promise ... How high does a frog stand in the water? Knee-deep.
""I came, I added lettuce, I conquered"" -Julius Caesar Salad
Sorry I started singing Bohemian Rhapsody at the accountability meeting, but you said ""easy come, easy go"" so I just ran with it..
I heard Monica lewinsky voted for Trump Just to fuck a Clinton one more time
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts cost $2.00, but deer nuts are under a buck!
A barber, a hairdresser, and bigfoot walk into a bar... You know what...I'm gonna shave this joke for another time.
Best way to make people remember you ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Borrow money from them.
Q. What's the best way to force a man to do sit ups? A. Put the remote control between his toes.
Billy Mays so good He once sold pain to Chuck Norris.
What do you call a clingy, moody scientist? A dependent variable
Why do terrorists hate wine? Because there are too many zinfandel's.
I'm sorry sir, your wife didn't make it. Was it *sniff* the lack of prayers on Facebook? Yes sir, I'm afraid it was.
To those that say I'm Cancer I'm not Cancer, I'm Aquarius!
Paid a homeless guy $1 for this: What's a pirate's favorite letter? (They will always say ""arrrrrrhh."") Nope, P, it's like arrrrrrhh without a leg.
""Dad, how did you fall in love with mom?"" ""Well, son, long story short I saw her picture on Instagram and it was love at first...filter.""
Why do birds suddenly appear/every time you are near/just like me they long to be/eating your sandwich
What do you call a bottle of glue in a spy's pocket? A bonding agent.
Why did the Senator get on Viagara? He wanted to achieve erection reform.
Why was Darth Vader so upset? He was looking for the Rebels in Aldeerwrong places...
A man inserted an advertisement in the classifieds ""Wife Wanted"". The next day, he received 1000 of replies, all reading: ""You can have mine."" Free delivery also available at your door step
Why is ""jizz"" such a great word? Because of how nicely it rolls off your tongue
Have you seen the new fishing website? No it's not online yet.
There is little difference between how a horse eats hay and the way my children consume spaghetti.
Did you hear about the blind porcupine? He fell in love with a pincushion!
You remind me of my little toe Why because I'm so cute and tiny? No, I will probably get drunk later and bang you the coffee table.
The worst part of going on a date with a guy I don't like is how my grandma always dies before our food gets there.
When you write lyrics as bad as ""I got soul but I'm not a soldier"" it's important to repeat it exactly 10 times in a row so nobody misses it
""Owen, you must hide this baby from Anakin Skywalker at all costs."" ""Okay. Should we continue to call him Luke Skywalker?"" ""That's cool.""
Best way to answer a call: Mario's Pizzeria and Abortion Clinic: Your Loss is Our Sauce self.Jokes
That Russian meteor footage is a nice reminder that we're flying through the universe in an organic spaceship with no roof.
I'm acutely dyslexic and often forget my route home. AMA! Sorry, wrong bus!
BREAKING: Girls go to college to get more knowledge. Boys go to Jupiter to get more stupider. Boys killed instantly by lack of oxygen.
This is no place for memorials, petitions, or any of that emotional shit.
I'm the Babe Ruth of the toilet I always get the runs
""I got expelled"" How? ""I wrote 2+2=41 on the whiteboard"" Ok that's dumb but- ""So my prof told me to go back up there..."" Oh no ""and rub 1 out""
Why don't Germans tell jokes about sausage? Because they are the wurst.
Why do Canadians like to do it doggy style? So they can both watch the hockey game :D
Dad: Why are you eyes so red, son? Son: I smoked weed, dad Dad: Don't lie to me, you were crying because you are a faggot
Who ever taught Storm Troopers how to shoot also must have taught white golfers how to high five each other.
Why did the guitarist go to jail? For fingering a minor
I've tried every drug but crack. Who you callin' buttcrack, asshole?!?!
Particles make up everything! Fucking liars.
Imagine a buffet for the Gods... there's food for Thor.
Asked a friend if the hotel in town was hiring. ""I don't know, I bet you could check into it, though.""
I like to make my websites with Ajax Because that way my designs always come out very clean.
What's a blind mans worst fear ? A prius
A neutrino walks into a bar... and no fucks were given.
If your partner says ""if anything happens to me, I want you to meet someone new" ""anything"" doesn't include getting stuck in a traffic jam
A horse walks into a bar... And being a horse, and incapable of speech, he poops on the floor and walks out.
My name is Nate. My dyslexic friend told me he likes it, he thinks it's neat.
Q: If an elephant and a giraffe had a race, who would win? A: The elephant. The giraffe is in the refrigerator.
People who like trance music are very persistent They don't techno for an answer.
In or On ? Why are you IN a movie, but you are ON TV?
""Do you have Coke"" No, is Pepsi okay ""Do you have updog"" What's updog ""Haha not much and no Pepsi is absolutely not okay""
It's saying something when you marry Charles Manson and you look like the crazy one.
Whenever there is trouble, Justice League cums in a... Flash
In middle school chuck Norris was assigned an essay about what courage was. He got an A+ by turning in a blank sheet of paper with his name on it.
How many bees are there in the world? A buzzillion.
Freddy from scooby doo was a candidate for mayor of L.A in the 90s He ran on splitting up gangs.
If we weren't able to stop Bieber Fever I seriously doubt America can stop an Ebola epidemic.
You're supposed to pee on a Jellyfish sting and not a jelly stain? Well that was really embarrassing.
Happy World Alzheimer's Day! Or was it yesterday??
On a scale of Casey Anthony to Jerry Sandusky ...how much do you love your children?
How many ADD's does it take to change a light bulb? Let's go fishing
I ripped my pants and had to sew them back up. Britches love stitches.
I use my imagination to solve problems. And by imagination, I mean booze.
Just found out that my sexy new girlfriend stays in shape by playing football. She's a keeper.
A friend of mine has been rushed to hospital, after eating a horse-burger. Apparently he is now in a stable condition.
Me: I'm ghosting him. Her: You stopped talking to him? Me: No, I'm showing up when he least expects it and scaring the shit out of him.
Being in love is like peeing your pants: everybody sees it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
Did you hear about Joseph Stalin's personal yacht? They say it was a huge dictator-ship.
I don't know why people are afraid of flying Most crashes happen at ground level
I have a joke about minidisc... ...but it's a little CD.
I was going to tell a joke about amnesia But for the life of me, I can't seem to remember it!
Did you hear about the guy who was arrested for indecent jurisprudence? He got off on a technicality.
What did the farmer say when someone pooped into his water source? Well shit...
So I'm about to have a unilateral orchiectomy (true story)... and I say to the urologist surgeon, ""I guess the ball's in your court now""
""Dad, I don't feel good."" ""Do you want to go see the doctor?"" ""Yeah."" ""Are you gonna throw up?"" ""Maybe."" ""OK. We'll take your mom's car.""
And the bartender asks, ""What'll you have?"" A tachyon walks into a bar.
the difference between me and humpty dumpty is that his friends looked at him and thought to themselves ""we should put him back together""
How do mermaids give birth? Via Sea-Section
Riddle: What has wings but can't fly, legs but can't walk, and a mouth but can't speak? A dead bird
Two deer walk out of a bar. One turns to the other in disgust and says, ""I can't believe you blew 20 bucks in there.""
Twice the cold doth striketh A dog, a ski cabin, and a leather jacket walk into the electric cloud being and merge into the one true demongod.
""I'd hit that."" Clearly what my head thinks about cupboard doors and other hard surfaces when I least expect it.
Farting in an elevator is.... WRONG.....on so many levels.....
Republicans first began thinking like Republicans when they stopped believing in Santa Claus. Democrats became Democrats because they never stopped believing in Santa Claus.
One for the science guys: Q) How do you make a hormone? A) Don't pay her!
I was about to make a joke about illegal immigrants But that would be crossing the borders
Hot Pringles in your area want you to jam your whole fist in their cans.
My girlfriend broke up with me because I am extremely handsome and too many girls want me She said something else about my chronic lying disorder but I wasn't really listening
Did you hear about the housing prices in Baltimore? I hear they're a riot!
I would like to thank the kind stranger I met on the bus this morning for teaching me the meaning of the word 'abundance'. It means a lot.
At Walmart with a box of condoms and a Barbie play set, now I need to pick the right cashier to ensure maximum awkwardness for us both.
What is a cucumber and a dolphin doing in the same room? Sushi
I fucked a retarded chick last night. I wanted the first time to be special.
I wasn't sure about the idea of a beard at first But its growing on me.
A Mexican , a black guy , an arab and A Jew Jump out of a plane....who wins? Society
What do you call a thug Australian mammal? a gang-aroo
How did the shellfish win the underwater beauty pageant? Using saxitoxin.
You know you're diplomatic when... you can tell someone to go to hell in a way that makes them look forward to the trip.
Every time you enter a room, you should say ""Smells like farts in here."" This way when you fart later, they'll never suspect you.
Why do feminists hate the post the USPS? Cause it's an all mail business.
3 men were on a boat.. And all they had were 4 cigarettes. Unsure on what to do, one of them throws a cigarette overboard. Now the boat was a cigarette lighter.
What's the difference between Ireland and America? When we say waterboarding in Ireland it means surfing.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the the swine flu? For bird flu you need tweetment, for swine flu you need oinkment.
why the animale go to the store? ""chill"" with friends
I never learnt the meaning of the word truancy... ...I wasn't at school that day.
guy at seaworld: ""it's a cross between an eel and a shark, we're asking everyone to pick a name for him"" wife: ""steve"" me: ""sharkeel o'neal""
I'm most freaked when I take the dog out after dark and remember it's stupid white girls like me that are killed first in horror movies.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four it'd be a chicken sedan.
If I was a squirrel I'd chuck my nuts in your hole!
What type of car does a ghost drive? A BOOick.
I hate to tell patients that they've become physically mute... They're always speechless.
If a gym has 75 treadmills, 1 is being used, what do you do? You go home because it's your favorite one being used Math is easy
What do you call a SWAT team with Snoop Dogg? A Blunt force
Recent evidence indicates that Earth is indeed bi-polar, as we've always suspected.
Sometimes, eating is very similar to driving. You trust stale greens
Did you hear about the iguana that couldn't change colour? He had a reptile dysfunction.
Have you been to Iran? I don't think you should go, I don't think they like joggers.
Two horses are standing in a field. ""I'm so hungry I could eat a horse"" Says the first. ""Moo!"" says the second
The way I see it, the only thing my daughter's little ""boyfriend"" needs to know about me is I ain't afraid to go back to prison.
White people sure do love generalizations.
Technically, setting someone on fire is burning calories.
Why did the worker on the egg farm get fired from his job? Because he had a crack addiction.
Be kind to strangers. One of them could end up being your coroner.
Q: What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? A: Frostbite.
[1st date] HER: I love the idea of marriage. What are your thoughts on it? ME: [trying to impress her] I have 6 wives
I just drank coffee I forgot on the counter this morning. It was so cold and bitter I wrote it an alimony check.
What kind of doctor never leaves the hospital? An Oncologist
When is the best time to make jokes? When you are ill, because they are sick
I know a lot about jokes about unemployed people But they never work
My anniversary is coming up Friday is my anniversary, I'll have been married for 35 years. Really it only 5 years, but I count in dog years because my wife is such a bitch.
There was once a Roman who ate his girlfriend. He was gladiator.
The Bartender says, ""This bar is for fortune tellers only."" Two skeptics walk into a bar.
I was datin' this girl from Eaton or was it eating this girl from Dayton?
One-Liner: Jobs growth in the United States is now down to just hair and fingernails.
You know youre getting old when Santa starts looking younger.
How do you keep someone in suspense? I'll tell you later.
People without kids who give other people's kids messy or annoying toys.. Imagine that we gave you a monkey with a kazoo and fingerpaints..
me: siri tell me a joke siri: *turns on front facing camera*
What do you call an atheist bone? A blasfemur.
I want to be a ""cool"" uncle, so I let my nephew play with all the things I wasn't allowed to when I was his age. Mostly knives and bleach.
Facebook has really revolutionized how quickly we find out friends from high school gave up on their dreams.
I was invited to a party... The dress code said ""black tie only"". But when I got there, I noticed other people had worn shirts and trousers too
My way or the highway. It takes two to tango. What I'm saying is, ""welcome to idiom club"". Now, let's cut to the chase.
I don't like my new hair cut... But it's growing on me.
How has society let things go so far down hill that it still takes two minutes to make popcorn? China probably can pop corn in one minute.
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One is very heavy, the other is a little lighter!
Damn girl are you a smoke detector? Because you're super annoying and won't shut up
What do you call a prosthetic used in exchage for your missing leg. A stubstitute
I met a girl who said she liked Imagine Dragons. I asked her if she could Imagine Dragon these nuts across her chin.
In my spare time, I help blind kids I mean the verb, not the adjective
Twitter should give you 5,000 followers when you start and then you have to try and lose them.
What's the difference between a priest and a pimple? A pimple only comes on your face after puberty.
So I looked this up on Yahoo... Just kidding, I used Google.
Pooh: There's a rumbly in my tumbly Piglet: What? Pooh: There's. A. Rumbly. In. My. Tumbly Piglet: Pooh: I'm hungry Piglet: Say that then
What kind of snake is it good to have on a car? Windshield vipers.
Doctor: You need a new liver and we found a match. Me: When can you operate? *lighting a candle* Doctor: When we find you a new liver.
Recording on an Australian tax help line If you understand English, press 1. If you do not understand English, press 2.
Q: How do you know if a blonde  has been sending e-mail? A: You see a bunch of envelopes stuffed into the disk drive.
Why was the wildlife reserve worker weeping next to poached rhino? He liked his rhinos sunny side up.
You're born, you grow up, you start listening to a Pink Floyd song, you get married, have kids, you die, the song hasn't finished.
Why do women like to be on top during sex? Because they're over cum with joy.
""I don't need any love from any man. I only need to love and be loved by ONE man. He is the Son of God,  JESUS!"".......just say u have been dumped.
How does a witch tell time? With a witchwatch.
How did Jesus get so ripped? He does crossfit.
My new girlfriend just found out that I'm 42. She said, ""You told me that you were 28 and a half!"" I said, ""I am if you think about it.""
I just bought shoes from a drug dealer... ... I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
What do you call an ant sized villain? The *ant*agonist.
EA cut so many corners with the Sims 4 that they made a circle.
I'm reenacting the War of 1812 with 47 gummy bears so I think the Ambien has finally kicked in. Casualties have been immense... & delicious
Just bought Cluedo: Gang Rape edition. Turns out they all did it.
Facebook: Helping you acknowledge the existence of people you had been successfully ignoring for years.
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile? Get in, Robin.
Why did the cowboy sleep with his saddle? In case of any night mares!
[does his regular grocery shopping] Cashier: having a kid's birthday party? Me: ...................yes.
There are smart men, handsome men, rich men, sexy men and sweet men and then there is the combination of all. We call that one a ""unicorn""
A guy asks his girlfriend make him feel awesome and sad at the same time Girlfriend: Out of all your friends you have the biggest penis
I really liked the movie, Inception. It's so fast paced and keeps moving forward. Except for Mal, she keeps coming back.
I don't understand men who can pull off facial hair why don't they just use a razor?
I bought a book on how to build stairs Its a step by step guide
GARY: ""You wanna?"" BARRY: ""Ugh. Jesus OK."" (Siamese twins deciding to masturbate)
Whats the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo? A Hippo weighs 700lbs but a Zippos a little lighter
Does anyone know where concentrate is? I've been drinking lovely orange juice from there for years now..
A man asked Hitler "" Would you kill a jew for 8 pieces of gold? "" Hitler said : Nein.
Intellectual Joke Helium walks into a bar, The bar tender says ""We don't serve noble gases in here."" Helium doesn't react.
Why does Thor have insomnia? He's up all night to get Loki.
I was walking my dog when a man approached me. He said, ""My car's just broken down. Could you give me a push?"" ""Of course" I said. Then he fell into the bush.
Cop: do you know why I was following you? Me: WAS following? Wait you unfollowed me? Cop:haha Me:haha Cop... Me... Is it cause of the drugs?
What did the pirate say when he turned 80? Aye Matey
Putin persecutes homosexuals in his own country... ...then goes and enters another country through the back door? Very mixed messages from Russia.
My dog got hit by a train today & we found out my brother didn't make parole. Talk about a case of the Mondays!!
What is the one thing you don't want to hear during sex? Honey, I'm home!
I wouldn't let you touch me with a 10 foot pole! No seriously, why do you have a 10 foot pole?! THAT'S NOT NORMAL!
I once walked out of a movie because the actor's fake typing was so bad.
Can we talk about your pleated, cuffed corduroys, or are we just going to let it happen?
I've just had to take the batteries out of the Carbon Monoxide alarm The loud beeping was giving me a headache and I was starting to feel sick and dizzy
The teacher asked the class if everyone got the syllabus. Jimmy raised his hand and said, ""No, I took the boring short bus to school.""
What do you call crystal clear urine? 1080p
Why does the Little Mermaid wear seashells? She grew out of her B-shells.
What do you get when you watch 'Cinderella' backwards? A woman in her place...
Someone called my call center today to tell a joke I don't think I've ever heard: What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite
Satan: And this is the TV room. Me: This isn't so bad. *turns on TV* *only thing showing is golf*
A guy from Michigan dies and wake up in Hell. ""At least I'm still in Michigan.""
I don't understand interventions. What's the point of being told I drink too much by a room full of the reasons I drink in the first place?
What is Tiger Woods favorite course? The intercourse.
""The actor who plays the villain in No Country For old Men was causing trouble in my bar last night."" ""Javier Bardem?"" ""No, but I will if he does it again.""
Why are gold fish orange ? The water makes them rusty !
Martin Shkreli's life
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable ? The wheelchair
[laser tag] Instructor: Dude, you're not gonna run out of ammo Me [strapping bayonet to the end of gun]: let's just agree to disagree
Justin Bieber is still truly Canadian at heart... His most popular song is called ""Sorry"".
I ap-p-p-p-lied for a j-job as a r-r-r-radio an-n-nouncer. Sh-sh-shame on them, rej-jecting me because I'm b-b-b-black.
If god can artificially inseminate someone, why did he need two of every animal on the ark to repopulate the world?
*sees a spider* I'm going to kill him *turn around to get a shoe* *turns back around and spider has 8 shoes* Alright, let's be cool here
Wife: Is Mexican food ok for dinner? Don't just text back k. Husband: Que
Why did the numbers 25, 36, and 49 go to the dentist? For a square root canal
My black friend asked me if there was a colored printer in the library. I said ""WTF man, it's 2015. You can use whatever printer you want.""
I was gonna tell a priest joke... But it would probably rub some kids the wrong way.
The final death of 2016.... Mariah Carey's live performance career
""Wanna hear a joke about being shot by the police?"" ""No thanks, I get depressed by black humour."" Maybe I should cross-post this to /r/ImGoingToHellForThis
How do you know if someone is half texan and half Canadian? It rhymes when they say. ""Keep at eye out for a coyote.""
Does anyone know which homeless shelters provide wifi?
Hitler wasn't that bad. C'mon, he killed Hitler.
Sochi Nobody's going to be Rushin there.
I have found that a positive pregnancy test will cure hiccups.
A man walks into an Apple store... ..and lets out a huge fart. Within seconds, everyone in the entire store leaves. Why? -- Because there are no Windows
Why do canadians do it doggy style? So they can both watch the hockey game
What's Bill Clinton's favorite instrument to play? His whore Monica.
What do I do when my luggage gets tired? I rest my case.
Just a reminder not to wear white after Labor Day and not to be black around cops.
Sex is like Pizza I haven't had any in a while.
ME: my son ran away COP: we won't rest until we find him ME: [swiping LEGO aside with both feet] no rush
Too many kids don't know what it's like to enjoy a book the old-fashioned way (watching the movie version on VHS the night before a test).
What's a priest on an egg called? A brother
Cop: ""Do you know why I pulled you over?"" Me: ""OH NO THIS COP HAS AMNESIA!!!""
I can't believe I got fired from my job at the DNA testing facility. After all the blood, sweat, and tears I put in.
Which athletes will not get Zika at Rio 2016? Those on Team Great Britain, because they'll leave.
What do you call an NBA Superstar who's first job was stocking milk? *Legen-dairy*
Why did Princess Diana cross the road? She wasn't wearing a seat belt.
Q: Know how to solve the Serbian/Bosnian  problem in less than 48 hours? A: Put Janet Reno in charge.
What does a feminist use as a contraceptive? Her personality
Why Latvian man did cross road? Man have no chicken. All animals are die in famine. Man cross to look for potato. No potato.
Me:Come in. It's not like I'm a serial killer. Him:*laughs nervously* Me: *laughing* u have to murder more than 2 ppl for it to be serial
Instead of murder/suicide, I'm contemplating the rare suicide/murder, whereby I jump out a high window and land on my girlfriend.
*grandma sobbing at my graduation* ""Your parents would have been so proud seeing you up there."" *wipes tear* ""But they didn't want to come.""
The waiting list for the WiiU.... Just got shorter in Conneticut
It's the day after my birthday and I feel like an idiot. Probably because I was born yesterday.
Why was the horse kicked out of the country western bar? He was a homosexual.
Capitalization is important... It's the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse, and helping your uncle jack off a horse.
""Drop it like it's hot" is my favorite song about dropping stuff that's hot.
I lost 25 pounds. Just want to say I lost 25 pounds and I'm proud of myself. The last time I was betting on horses I lost  100,-.
If a tree falls in the woods, and there are no English majors around to hear it... does is lay on the ground, or lie?
""I high fived a shark, and then we ate burritos."" - Martin Luther King Jr.'s other dream.
FREEBIRD! (When you purchase a bird of equal or lesser value.)
Yes, my teeth are dazzling, but, please, treat me no differently than you would the next demigod.
Jenner is a hero, and quite frankly saved some lives Had I not replaced the Jenner in my truck last week I wouldnt have been able to shift into neutral when my accelerator stuck today.
Doctor: You need a kidney transplant. Me: A transplant? Dr: Don't worry, I've never lost a patient. I know where each one is buried. Me:
Sorry I flinched when you told me you loved me. I've been practicing my poker face. Can we try again?
How do you stop a dog from barking in your front yard... Put him in the backyard
Life is like a box of chocolates... It doesn't last long for fat people.
3 mods walk into a bar [deleted]
Buy a man a fish, and feed him for a day, but teach a man to fish... And he has to buy a fishing pole, tackle, fishing line, and acquire a fishing licence.
October 10th was such a great day 10/10
I'm stuck in a meeting where a guy keeps saying ""utilize"" and ""leverage"" and I'm wondering if I should tell him about the word ""use"".
Huh, this is a first Never had an ambulance follow me to the gym before They must know
What did one black guy say to another black guy? We're both black guys.
My teen yelled at me for not waking her up for school. She's in the shower & I'm wondering when she realizes it's Sunday. This is beautiful.
What do cholos and female drivers have in common? When you see them rolling, you best be off the sidewalks...
/r/Jokes is broken
You thought the co-workers on your floor are happy That guy coming out of the elevator is on a whole other level
[2 years after going missing at zoo] wife: [points at TV] ""omg thats him"" me: [on the news inside kangaroos pouch] ""why is noone helping me""
My doctor told me I am colorblind. I had no idea! It came right out of the green
What's Bruce Lee's favorite drink? WatAHHH!!
Q: What's the difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman? A: The car salesman can probably drive!
A robot walks into a bar... The bartender says, ""Hey, we don't serve robots!"" Robot says, ""Oh, but someday you will.""
What's the difference between Santa and a Jew? Santa goes down the chimney
A man runs into a bar... A man runs into a bar, and demands to the barkeep: ""Quick! How tall do penguins grow?"" ""About two foot sir"" replies the bartender ""Shit. I've just run over a nun.""
""Turtle Power"" is not an appropriate response when HR asks you how you plan to meet your objectives this year. Apparently.
Did you hear about the man with five penises? His pants fit like a glove!
England football team are great at holding on in extra time.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. jk, rolling.
I got my bucket list mixed up with my shopping list Swam with dolphin-safe tuna.
A blind guy walks into a bar *thud*
How long is a Chinaman? How long IS a chinaman
The parking spot on Richard III's grave was restricted... Only two-door cars were allowed.
If Usain Bolt was an electrician... His name would be Usain Volt
My cheating Ex-girlfriend just got fired for drinking on the job. She worked at the sperm bank.
What did the teenage crow want for his birthday? a-CAW!
What did the Giant say to the cripple? Hodor. Hodor! Hodor!
How do you know whether or not a redditor is Australian? They'll tell you.
Someone came up to me and stole my candle I was incensed!
My nickname is Gilette because I'm the best a man can get. Also, I will cut you
What's the difference between a nun, and a prostitute in a bathtub? The nun has hope in her soul.
I heard there's a machine that can make cocaine in less than 4 milliseconds! I believe it's called the Instagram.
Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection, except one... He's never gonna give you Up.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur A lickalotopuss
Di you hear about the scarecrow who won the Nobel peace prize? He was outstanding in his field
Never underestimate the power of a hug. Or a slap upside the head. Whatever works.
What are parents that you can see through? Transparents
Sharks don't sleep so I'm pretending I'm a shark except one that sings along with Lady Gaga. I'm Lady Sharkshark! Anyway, totally drunk.
I feel like I'm not getting the full experience of a gas station bathroom if I don't cut and dye my hair and change my identity.
I think all the women who don't get a rose on the Bachelor should at least walk away with a cat.
Well ladies valentines day is over. Time for the men to go back to being a-holes again.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear
I'm going to bed tonight at a reasonable hour so I can be extremely obnoxious at an unreasonable hour tomorrow.
So a man comes into a bar... No, wait... It was a horse. So a horse comes into a man.
What is green and white, throws pig skin, and is the worst team in the NFL? The Jets.
An app that tells you the cleanest highway bathrooms. Why isn't this a thing yet.
*turns on deep-fryer* *tosses in chicken nuggets* *adds chamomile and lavender* *recites from the Book of Shadows* Voila, Wiccan Nuggets
I will punch you in the face. OK not really - but I will roll my eyes at you, hard.
What did the old zombie dog say when she got a birthday bone? *My hip!*
How many Jews can you fit in a car? Depends how big the ash tray is.
Did some1 really think naming a restaurant Pizza HUT was a good idea? ""We want a name that communicates quality food & 3rd world housing!""
broken leg I told my doctor I broke my leg in two places. He said to quit going to those places.
Dating is hard because guys are like ""You're hot, can we do butt stuff yet?"" and girls are like ""It's been 3 days, where's my ring?""
Why was the birthday cake as hard as a rock? Because it was marble cake!
What's a terrorist's favorite game? Jenga
No, sweetie. You can't see the moon with vernaculars.
Bay: come over Me: no, I'm watching TMNT Bay: I made one too Me: but it's awful Bay: come watch it Me: who gave you my number, Michael
You're fat. Fatty.
What do you call a gay avatar? A bender.
I found out why amphibious cars never caught on. They were always getting toad.
I scream, you scream, we all scream because we just witnessed a horrific highway wreck with multiple fatalities.
What keyboard layout does Miley Cyrus use? TWERQY.
You know what I really like about you, girl? You're really down to earth. *waits for response, nothing. Goes to next tombstone* You know wha
What came first...? Kid Flash or Flash's Dick?
Nothing will get this Billy Joel song out of my head. At this point, I'm praying for a heart attack-ack-ack-ack-ack-ack.
Karma is like 69. You get what you give.
Patient: Doctor every night i see ants playing football Doctor: It's okay take these pills Patient: No way tomorrow is the final
Why are Santa's balls so big? Because he only comes once a year.
Why did the semen cross the road? Because you wore the wrong sock.
My boyfriend took me to dinner and insisted I order my food in a robot voice, so I took him to bed and insisted he make Chewbacca noises.
Q: Why did the blonde drive into the ditch? A: To turn the blinker off.
r/Jokes, what are your best colour blindness jokes?
Why do white girls walk in odd numbers? Because they can't even.
What type of music do they listen to in the Czech Republic? Prague Rock.
""You're bleeding because you don't floss"" Me: No, I'm bleeding because I ate the entire bowl of deceivingly fake fruit in your waiting room.
What's black and white and black and white and black and white and green? A skunk rolling down a hill with a pickle in its mouth.
I bought the worst thesaurus the other day. Not only is it terrible, it's terrible.
My hands got into an argument last night One was right and the other left
Why did hitlers aircraft preform so badly after the invasion of russia? because they were stalin'
I'm like Global Warming... No one takes me seriously.
Why is life like a penis? Because Women make it hard!
My friend bored me when talking about Latin... they had discussed it ad nauseam.
What did the egg say at the party? Omelet
Nobody expects you to tweet brilliance. Just be yourself, with the occasional intent of bringing shame to your entire family.
I heard that the factories in China will be close until the next GOP president. A liberal joke
At least my mother died doing what she loved... Committing suicide
If you stand by and watch someone wreck their life, you're part of the problem And yet we all still go to weddings for the open bar
Oral sex makes your day but... Anal makes your whole week
I used to play teeball... I stopped playing after I struck out
How many bears does it take to screw in a lightbulb? The bear minimum
I met a pirate the other day, whose parrot was saying, ""Pieces of seven! Pieces of seven!"" I said, ""Shouldn't that be pieces of eight?"" The pirate replied, ""Arrrrr, it's a parroty error.""
When does CPR become necrophilia?
They found horse meat in food in the U.K. ... ... and horse piss in the beer in the U.S.
/r/jokes/ wins Friend of the Planet award! for 95.001% recycled content.
Whats the difference between your mom and a washing machine? When I drop a load in the washing machine it doesn't follow me around for a week.
Why did the blind man cross the road? Cuz he couldn't see it (Probly already posted but I've never seen it on r/jokes before)
small joke truth or dare dare order us pizza
Arnold Schwarzenegger and windows 10 Just after windows 10 was released, Arnold was asked if he was ever going to upgrade to windows 10. His response? 'I still love Vista, baby.'
My girlfriend is like my bank account Only there for the money
I put a message in an empty wine bottle and threw it in the ocean. It said, ""Please refill and return to sender."" Now I wait.
There was an infantry man that rode horses for over 50 years. What was his name? Major Bumsore
Just once I'd like to see a celebrity show up to the red carpet in jeans and be like, ""Oh, was this today? I was just in the neighborhood.""
I'm half-French and half-American, but I know my heart is American, do you know why? Because if it were French it would stop working!
A cop, a hooker, a priest and a clown...... A cop, a hooker, a priest and a clown walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and replies, ""What.......is this some kind of Joke?""
What is the distinction between a man that has had a vasectomy and one who hasn't? I don't know, as far as I'm concerned there's not a vas deferens.
What's a pirate's favorite letter? You'd think it would be R, but they really love the C.
My wife has a tattoo of a seashell on her inner thigh ... ... and if you hold your ear against it, you can smell the sea.
Why did the walrus go to the tupperware party? He was looking for a tight seal.
What is Hitlers favorite juice shop? Jamba Jews
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and acne? Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he turns 12.
What do you call.. What do you call toothless bear. A gummy bear!
""Ohhh, that's what you meant by period sex"" I say, removing my powdered wig and waistcoat.
People keep getting mad when I say I'm a God.... ... They all say I have a me complex
How about a meat that is also a dental floss?  Pitch for prosciutto
If a cannibal ate a comedian... ...that could lead to some funny shit
What does Stephen Hawking say when his computer crashes? Nothing.
Tinder announced a new feature this week which gives users 37 gender options to choose from And it's now easier than ever to avoid matching with the mentally unstable
What do you call a political pig? A boar.
Paradox Corporation just opened. They're doing everything they can to go out of business.
The recipe said ""prick with a fork" but enough about me.
Yes Pony Express? I ordered a pony 27 minutes ago and I still didn't get it. What kind of fast food joint do you run here?
Why did the school bully kick the classroom computer? Someone told him he was supposed to boot up the system.
What do you call a person of Irish and Asian descent? Rice Paddy. - Edit: Credit goes to my nickname from some clever fucker classmate when I was a kid.
""So where are you from?"" - I'm a Liberian ""Oh sorry *whispers* where are you from?""
How can you tell a rabbit from a skunk? A skunk uses a cheaper deodorant!
I'm surprised God doesn't make Christian Rock Bands sound better.
Prince's housekeeper of 30 years was offered a job as a crime scene investigator. She was considered highly qualified due to her decades of experience dusting for Prince.
I wear a stethoscope so that in a medical emergency I can teach people a valuable lesson about assumptions.
[Amphibian Playground] BULLFROG: look at all u lil toad nerds TOAD: help! a BULLYfrog! TEACHER SNAKE: i'll handle this *eats everyone*
I have an irrational fear of large intricate corporate buildings. You could say I have a complex complex complex.
How many babies does it take to paint a house? It depends how hard you throw them.
What's the richest kind of air? A millionaire.
In pretty sure my wife's most prized possession is her plastic bag full of other plastic bags.
Microwaves don't need to give warning beeps after cooking the food - the last thing I'm going to do is forget I just made pizza rolls.
Sorry, but your password must contain an uppercase letter, a number, a haiku, a gang sign, a hieroglyph, a feather off a hawk and the blood of a unicorn.
How do you know a homeless woman is menstruating? If she's only wearing one sock. (This joke brought to you courtesy the homeless guy outside my local 7-11.) Edit: tweaked the punchline.
I was so close to a threesome last night... I was only missing 2 people
I always make sure to buy high quality toilet paper... If you get the cheap stuff, you'll pay for it in the end.
Q: What's blue and looks like a bucket? A: A red bucket in disguise.
What is a terrorists favourite dessert? Ice is
What does a blonde owl say? Why!
Wife: DO YOU KNOW WHAT TODAY IS? Husband: ? *Wife storms out room* Husband: Happy Valsenbirthery?!
What do you call a rabbit roaming with a pack of lions? One bad ass rabbit.
What do you say to a man with no body and no nose? No body nose.
""I'm tired of you pushing me around and talking behind my back."" ----people in wheelchairs probably
I was sucking off my new Thai bride, last night When I thought.. ""Hang on a fuckin' minute""
In park people come across man playing chess with dog They are of surprise and say ""What clever dog!"" But man say: ""No, no, he isn't so clever. I am lead by three game to one!""
Indian restaurants make most of their money off of the bread.. They're naan-profit organizations.
""COME ON! WE WERE SUPPOSED TO LEAVE HOURS AGO! WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU HAVEN'T SHOWERED?"" Noah yelled, waiting for the sloths to get on the Ark
Why is the letter ""t"" so important to a stick insect? Without it would be a sick insect.
I picked up a girl at a bar. She told me to give her 12 inches and make it hurt... So I screwed her three times and hit her with a brick.
I killed someone with kindness today. Blood EVERYWHERE.
Sucks how Caesar died... ...Who knew he was allergic to knives?!
Why was the black man arrested? Good question.
I asked my friend how she liked her first Brazilian wax... She told me it was a complete rip-off.
How Many Muslim Women Does it Take to Screw In a Light Bulb? Silly, Muslim Women aren't allowed to screw in light bulbs.
When I die, I want my ashes scattered in front of the TV.
Yo mama so greasy she sweats Crisco!
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino? Elephino  \\()/ 
 You're born.  You grow up.  You believe in Santa.  You stop believing in Santa.  You look like Santa.  You are Santa.  You die.
Clerk Kent is in fact Superman... So my mom tells me stop hanging with your friends who are always drunk! They are not a good company! How should i tell her that... ""Clark Kent is in fact Superman""
I used to piss my pants in front of my 3rd grade class.... And it cost me my entire teaching career..
a bunch of us teens are going out to the forest to burn a piece of paper that says 'responsibilities' on it. for symbolism
I swapped my wife's parachute around with her backpack. Now when the bitch goes on her stupid camping holiday, all she will have is a parachute. *copypaste from sickipedia.org*
If you're walking on sunshine, please adjust your dosage accordingly.
Why was 10 traumatized? Because it was in the middle of 9/11
I became a vegetarian  switched to weed.
I might drive you crazy, but at least I'll take the scenic route.
A man sees a small boy begging for money He walks up to him and asks him if he is an orphan. The boy asks ""what gave me away?"" The man responds ""your parents""
Why are cows always broke? The farmers milk them dry.
Where do all the orphan chickens end up? Foster Farms
There's nothing funny about vagina jokes Period.
What sound does a shotgun make? Cobain Cobain
What's got no teeth and smells? The gearbox in the wife's car...
Don't let the door hit you on the way out! *guy looks back and laughs, the door punches him in the back of the head*
Someone asked me to write a sad story in 3 words today I just replied ""Trump or Hilary""
most recent posts on this sub Knock knock Who's there? /r/jokes /r/jokes who? Hahahahahaha!!!! it's an inside joke
After his wedding, Chuck Norris sent ""You're Welcome"" cards to all of his guests.
What do Snowmen call their offspring?  Chill-dren.
Two condoms walk by a gay bar... One says to the other, ""Wanna go inside and get shitfaced?""
*sees old person* why don't u just die already *sees young person* u think u know shit... but u don't *sees middle-aged person* fuck u, pal
How do you pick up a feminist? Like a bowling ball.
Does anyone have the owner's manual for a wife? Mine's emitting a terrible whining noise.
What is a pirate's favorite element in the periodic table? Gold. Why the fuck would a pirate need Argon?
Some people say Ketamine is just for animals... They need to get off their high horses.
Why can't Abraham Lincoln be convicted for murder? Because he's in a cent.
I can't make Casey Anthony jokes. My mom would kill me...
What do you get when you cross a rhino with an elephant? Hell-if-i-know (my grandma's favorite joke)
did you hear Oxygen and Magnesium got together **OMg** All I knew, till last week Oxygen was dating Potassium But they said it was just **OK**
What sound does a banambulance make? Naner naner naner
Trump is opting not to have celebrities at his inauguration in the same way that I opted not to take any cheerleaders to prom.
Monster: Where do fleas go in winter?  Werewolf: Search me!
Husband says to his wife ""do you smell that"" wife says ""no?"" Husband says ""me neither so start cooking""
Whenever I meet a new girl, I introduce myself by shaking hands with my left hand. I don't want her to meet her  competition right away.
99% Indians work on the Principle of Rockets. It doesn't mean we aim for the sky. It means, we don't start work unless our tail is on fire
Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them.
I was going to write a joke about Kim kardashian's orifices, but they've all been done.
Q: What's the difference between one yard and two yards? A: A fence.
What does Jeb Bush have in common with a threesome? A lot of people think three bushes is one bush too many.
How come old clothes are ""vintage"" but old people are ""nasty over-entitled thugs whose blind selfishness mortgaged America's future""
""Half a dozen"" because saying 6' is way too long...
The biggest lie ""I have read the terms and conditions""
What do you call a short, round-bellied Salarian? Mordin Volus
The shortest way to piss off a hipster... Apple phone &amp
Him: you're so beautiful. The moment you smiled at me,u had me Me: that's really sweet Me in my head: I have a piece of my poo in my purse
What do you call a right angle that gets beaten into a long square? A rekt angle
What does 90 year old pussy taste like? .....Depends.
Old folks use to poke me at weddings and say your next so... I started doing it back to them...at funerals. 
What is the most sensitive part on mans body while he is masturbating. His ears.
Slipped on black ice today, I thought it was regular ice at first, but when I stood up, my wallet was gone.
North Korea is becoming like that annoying person that always threatens to close their Twitter account from lack of attention.
What do 7 million Chevy's have in common? I don't recall.
A guy on the bus asked me if I had any Sodium Hypobromite... I said NaBrO.
So I got into a fight with a midget the other day... He was stood next to my girlfriend and said her hair smells nice.
Who is in cowboy films and is always broke?  Skint Eastwood.
What are we gonna do with all this extra cocaine? The previous sentence has never been spoken in the history of earth
2 paedophiles on a beach. One says to the other.... ""Can you get out of my son please?""
What did the maggot say to another ? What's a nice maggot like you doing in a joint like this !
How did Captain Hook die ? He wiped his ass with the wrong hand.
If Emblem were a bad employee... Would you Fire Emblem?
The Columbine basketball team hasn't been the same... Since they lost their two best shooters
A cop pulls a guy over for speeding on a slow day Cop: ""I've been waiting for you all day."" Driver: ""Sorry, officer. I got here as fast as I could.""
My first time having sex was like my first time riding a bike My dad was holding me from behind .
""Alright man let's crack open a few cold ones, it's going to be a fun night"" Said one necrophiliac to another as they walked into the morgue
What do you call a kid with no arms, no legs, and an eyepatch? Names.
Do you know why one side of the V Is slightly larger when birds fly together? Because there are more birds on that side.
ufo crew: why are we hovering? ufo captain: i wanna pet those dogs ufo crew: why not land? ufo cap: those talking monkeys are annoying af
A guy walks into a bar. .. He's in critical condition.
Why do blacks keep on getting stronger? TVs are getting heavier.
Superman's Google searches: ""Strongest hero"" ""Strongest hero. Not Hulk"" ""Fastest hero"" ""Fastest hero. Not Flash"" ""Phone booth for sale""
I was yelled at after church today, Apparently ""Jeez and crackers"" is not an appropriate name for the Eucharist.
Hey Guys, I don't have Instagram but I just wanted to let you know that I had oatmeal for breakfast. No sugar, mixed with water.
How is Kim Kardashian's ass like a password-protected compressed file? They both have their own zip code
What music do they play in a mexican bathroom? Earth wind and fire
I call my dick Ambidextrous Because I fuck girls left and right.
Jeff and Don are singing deck the halls.... When they both suddenly die part way through the song. They are reincarnated as ass-less chaps. Jeff looks over and says: ""Don, we now are gay apparel.""
What time does Sean Connery like to go to Wimbledon at? Tenish.
Today is Star Wars Day, which means we should all reflect on a simpler time in our lives, when Harrison Ford didn't have an earring.
In a parallel universe, Two bars walk into a man.
Once a teacher said nobody was buying my cool guy act but he dropped his clipboard and there was a drawing of me in sunglasses on it.
What did the Mexican family get for Christmas? Deported
Why do birds suddenly appear every time you are near? Just like me, they long to eat your sandwiches.
My doctor said no more drinking. so I froze my alcohol into cubes and ate them.
A father walks in on his son... A father walks in on his son masturbating. The father says, ""Son, If you keep masturbating you'll go blind!"" The son replies, ""Dad, I'm over here.""
what brand of power tool does Chris Brown use? Black and Decker.
Organized people are just people who are too lazy to look for things.
There's a hole in the nudist camp wall... The police are looking into it.
What does a racist get for their birthday? KK-cake
WHY IS USHER ALWAYS SAYING HIS NAME IN HIS SONGS, IS HE A POKEMON?
I'm not trying to be romantic but you have something in your eye. My dick.
Pants Up Don't Loot
Person 1: It must be terrible for an opera singer to realize that he can never sing again. Person 2: Yes but it's much more terrible if he doesn't realize it.
First rule of tortilla fight club- You don't talk about the taco bout
Godzilla on his smartphone, googling 'How many carbs does Tokyo have'
Where is the best place in town to buy marijuana? High Street, of course.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
Hard work pays off in in the future Laziness pays off now
Took my 3rd self-defense class, so if anyone feels like attacking me straight on, very slowly, w/ a fake knife in their right hand, BRING IT
My biggest fear is dying in a car accident that doesn't destroy my phone
I was going to make a joke about that bus that rolled over and killed the driver and 9 passengers... But there's no pun in ten dead.
Advice to the worm Sleep in late!
If we were really supposed to give up alcohol or Lent, they wouldn't have put St. Patrick's Day in the middle of it.
The average human body contains enough human bones to make up an entire human skeleton.
Original content Front page when?
Milliband, Clegg and Farage have quit. Proof that the Conservatives are forcing people out of work.
I'm going to get crucified for this joke, but here goes... I am the son of God
Why can't Australians play chess? They keep saying check, mate.
Did you hear the joke about the gorilla? Apparently, it's not for kids.
If you ever feel stupid, just remember that every day, people are searching the internet to find out ""Is the drug from LIMITLESS real?""
Who's the top selling author in Russia? Salman Rush B
I've got a quiet buddy who taught his cat to speak. He's a fan of mew words.
A priest, a minister, and a rabbit walk into a bar... ...and the bartender says, ""What is this, a joke?""
Me: Don't tell me you've never thought about having sex with me. Her: No, I never have.... Me: I asked you not to tell me that.
I am a proud member of Grammar Nazi... And your not.
Why is Santa's sack so big? Because he only comes once a year
Black people have 3 things that are white. Their eyeballs, their teeth, and... their masters
Just place a STUDENT DRIVER sticker on top of your car, and suddenly no one suspects you of drunk driving at 8am.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again... I've said it before.
What did the Nuclear Engineer get for his birthday? Yellow Cake http://imgur.com/gallery/FGFV1Em/new
I climbed a really tall ladder. Afterwards, I was rung out.
What does a drama student do while stuck in Math class? she cos(plays)
I thought I would go and help out in Africa... ...turns out they have enough aids.
Tip for new parents: The less you feed 'em, the less they poop.
Two cows are grazing in a field... One turns to the other and asks ""Have you heard all this talk of mad cow disease?"" The other replies ""Why should I care? I'm a helicopter""
Why didn't the airline passenger check his vulture? Because it's a carrion bird.
Roses are red... Violets are violet. I'm not original, I stole this from reddit.
Once you've seen one shopping center... You've seen a mall.
I kill people for a living with my jokes! HAHAHAHAHHAHA FUCK YOU
Have you heard the one about the bed? No? That's 'cause it hasn't been made yet.
The biggest difference between men and women... Is what comes to mind when the word 'facial' is used.
My favorite word is plagiarism. I invented that word.
Why do midgets refuse to wear tampons? Because they keep stepping on the string.
It's weird for Me not having a Pope. I feel like Burns without Smithers.
I've been all over the web looking for a combination fly swatter/back scratcher. I'm tired of lugging both around all day.
I just heard that someone at my gym drilled a hole in the wall of the girls locker room. Police are looking into it.
Thanks for the heart attack, Chinese menu under the door while I'm watching a scary movie.
I just found out my grandmother only has one day left to live. And I know this might sound cruel... ...but I'm not paying the ransom. -Anthony Jeselnik
What do you call a mentally challenged feather pillow? A downs pillow.
Did you hear about the guy who got a Viagra stuck in his throat? He had a stiff neck for a week.
Who won the 1940 Tour De France? The 7th Panzer division
What do Bernie Sanders supporters call their parents? Roommates
Which dessert did Darth Vader order in the Mexican restaurant? Helado oscuro!
6-year-old: Spill me some milk. Me: You mean ""pour."" 6: Not the way you do it.
At the very highest level of karate, they give you pants that fit so you no longer need a belt.
Why did the ghost go to the bar? For the BOOOOze.
A gay guy punched me the other day for no reason. Why? Because gay guys are fucking assholes. I'll show myself out.
A blonde walks into a library... No, that's it. That's the joke.
If anyone breaks in, I take comfort in knowing they'll never get past the 20 pairs of shoes in the hallway.
Donald Trump gets elected Oops thought i was on r/nosleep
Scientists Find Zika Might Be Transmitted by Oral Sex The study suggests a little head may result in a little head.
Maybe it's just the mushrooms talking, but I should probably write down everything they say.
I should probably eat this entire bag of Oreos tonight since they're going to expire in 2017.
You guys know any Sodium jokes? Na.
Kid: Daddy can I give some of my candy to that duck? Me: No, ducks only eat things they find in nature, like bread.
Nothing says 'neighbours' quite like stealing each others WiFi
What do you call an epileptic puppy? Kibbles 'n Fits.
How exactly is carrying a screaming two year old different from playing the bagpipes?
The sunrise is beautiful and all but i wouldn't get out of bed for it
No matter how stupid you feel, remember, Little Red Riding Hood couldn't figure out a talking wolf in drag wasn't her grandmother
""This is the fourth lot of bacon to go missing this week. It can only mean one thing."" ""What's that Sarge?"" ""Someone's building a pig.""
My friend got jailed 6 months for pulling 4 people out of a burning building. Turns out they were firefighters.
Why do black people have white palms? There is little bit of good in all of us. p.s. not racist, my shadow is black.
My negotiating strategy is to make a skeptical face for one second then pay what the other person asked.
What do you get when you cross Mike Myers and a T-Rex? Jurassic Wayne's World!
Last night in bed, my wife said we should try some role reversal. So I told her, I had a headache.
There was a devastating fire in my shoe shop. So many lost Soles.
What is orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
If I could be in 2 places at once, I'd mainly use it so I didn't have to leave my bed during the night to go for a wee
This is a joke translated from japaneese ... Two men walk into a pub. Clunk Clunk
I was brought up as an only child. I enjoyed it, but it used to really piss off my sister.
Why is NASCAR so popular in the southern states? Because that's where the most racists are.
A dad walks into his daughter's room and saw her fapping with a cucumber, he said: Hey! I was going to eat that, now it's going to taste like cucumber!
Why couldn't Moses believe his mother sent him away in a basket? Because he was in de-nile
One time, I considered becoming a gynecologist... ...but then I heard I'd be dealing with twats every day.
Starting with the word ""why"" and always pressing the middle option, what joke is your predictive text trying to tell us all?
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? Going to hell.
A city child came running into the farmhouse. ""No wonder that mama pig is so big"" she yelled. ""There's a bunch of little pigs out there blowing her up!""
""Homie don't fleek doe" I say to a group of teenagers, hoping it means something.
GOD: Let's give her ALL the awesome. ""But what if it's TOO much awesome?"" GOD: Then we'll divide it evenly between multiple personalities.
Studies show... Studies show that intelligent people swear more than stupid motherfuckers.
Vince Vaughn supports the right to carry guns in public. So if you ever wander into 1 of his movies, you can just shoot yourself.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? ""Aye matey!""
How many Deadheads does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they just watch it burn out and follow it around for 30 years.
What's the difference between an onion and a hooker? I cry when I cut up onions
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground Beef. Am I doing this right?
How do gingers make friends? No seriously, im getting lonely.
I had a one night stand with an Amish guy the other week... He never called me back.
Teacher: Whoever answers my next question, can go home One boy throws his bag out the window.  Teacher: Who just threw that? Boy: Me and I'm going home now.
An employee and her boss are having sex. Boss: Do you want to change positions? Employee: Uh yeah. Can I be the Assistant Manager?
He died doing what he loved: almost crossing the street.
Why does the Mexican man chain his dog away before the mailman comes? Because his panics.
Jerk chicken is just regular chicken that made fun of me in high school
I want to surprise my boyfriend by sending him a sexy pic while he's at work, but I can't decide what outfit to put on the cat.
I dig, she dig, we dig, he dig, they dig, you dig .. It's not a beautiful poem but it's really deep.
What does a woman get every month that lasts 3-5 days? Her husband's salary.
Advice tip for people: 1 stick hand in glue 2 stick hand in feather 3 now you are like bird. Impress your friend.
There's nobody in this world who gives LESS of a FUCK about helping you and your problem than a person working in customer service.
Executioner: Before we do this, what would you like for your last meal? ""I'll have a panda please"" [judge, under his breath] Can he do that?
As a guy, it's not that I have anything against psychiatric wards... I'm just afraid of commitment.
I hate when I wake up in a strange house, & have to go outside to look at a license plate to figure out what state I'm in.
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb? Can't be done, it's a hardware problem.
No Calls ? I Understand . No Text ? I Understand , But When You See Me With Someone Else Please Understand .
My Dad never loved me as a child I should have worn more provocative clothing.
Tie a sweater around your waist so you can pretend a short ghost is hugging you.
There's no way the Ninja Turtles would have those ripped abs. You can't do crunches with a shell attached to your back. Trust me I've tried.
The Bible says Jesus used a whip to drive out the money lenders... I wonder if they called it his ""Miracle Whip""?
Whats the only free food you will get from a Nigerian scammer? Spam.
Sikh turban dude
Why does the easter bunny hide his eggs? He doesn't want anybody to know he fuc%ing the chicken
How long did it take Goku to change a lightbulb? 20 Episodes and Krillin dies.
I like walking up to any bald guy wearing sunglasses and saying ""Excuse me but I'm supposed to meet a guy named Pitbull here, are you him?""
I broke up with my boyfriend. He was such a jerk. What a goat! -Don't you mean pig? No. He tried to eat my couch!
What do you call a broken can-opener? A can't opener.
Home is where your wi-fi connects automatically.
I've spent the past few months looking for my ex-boyfriends' killer but no one will do it.
I really just don't like any of these fancy and stinky cheeses. Maybe I'm just uncultured.
Did you hear about the race horse that was so  late coming in? They had to pay the jockey overtime!
My wife's cooking is so bad we usually pray after our food
Pro tip: never tell a three-year-old that you're going to Disney unless you plan on leaving that very second.
What kind of computer sings? A Dell.
Why was the cat scared of the tree? Because of its bark
if she's old enough to bleed she's old enough to have decisions about her healthcare be in the hands of old white men
How do you kill a circus clown ? Go for the juggler
Why do men get circumcised? Because women GRAB anything 20% off!!
What do you call a butler with a new set of teeth? An endentured servant
What were the Zodiac Killer's Plans for Vacation? To take a Cruz.
I stole a toilet seat from a police station once. They never caught me, they had nothing to go on.
you may have noticed my signature fedora, my signature has a little fedora drawn on it to look like it is wearing one
Why does Daredevil worry about getting fat? He never watches what he eats.
[At make-up counter] But does this lipstick come off of a taint?
If two KKK members get in a fight... And someone else nearby gets hit, do they get caught in the cross fire?
What do JFK and Obama have in common? Well, nothing yet.
I recently had sex with a biologist at her laboratory. I don't like to brag, but she had multiple organisms.
When I get my paycheck I turn into Gollum from 'The Lord of the Rings'.
What did the egg say to the boiling water? It might take me a while to get hard, I just got laid this morning.
Uber is driving me to drink. Literally.
You know what I find odd? Every other number
What's the difference... between a (nationality, ethnicity, etc you want to make fun of) man and a large pizza? ~A large pizza can feed a family of four.
What is the unit of power? Yes
What's Hitler's favorite Chinese food? Lo mein kampf
What's the best thing about fingering a psychic who's on her period? You get your palm red
If you get a divorce in Arkansas... ... is she still your sister?
What has long ears hops and likes websurfing? The e-aster bunny.
I spent the night on a 4th dimensional alien ship. Surprisingly the surroundings were very familiar. Except in the bathroom they had a glory cube.
Boss: You're late Me: Sorry, my clock was set to Australian time Boss: That would make today Saturday Me: You're right. I'll go home
Detroit is the first city to make community college free! There are no community colleges in Detroit.
What is it called when you call your ex? Ex-communication
It makes me so mad when people use the word ""gay"" as an insult ..fucking assholes
Damn, Girl, are you a rollercoaster? 'cause everyone is talking about the ride...
My doctor recommended that I stay away from trans fats I should stop using recipes from tumblr.
What do you call two crows? Attempted murder
Political jokes offend me! They get elected too often.
How many Dragonball Z characters does it take to change a lightbulb? Find out next time, on Dragonball Z!!!
Why don't French people smile in pictures? The French word for ""cheese"" is ""fromage"".
The cucumbers are taking over my garden and trying to starve all the other vegetables out. It's a war of nutrition.
Me: Take my pic *hands him camera & giggles* Him: What's funny? Me: Nothing. Him: *presses button, explodes, dies* Me: Ha! Photo bombed!
Walter White decided to buy a pizza for his son Walter: Hey son I bought you a pizza so you can share it with your friends. Flynn: Thanks dad, how much do I owe you? Walter: It's on the house.
Thousands of people are attacked by sea creatures every year. We at BP are dedicated to bringing that number down. You're welcome!
Genie: You have 3 wishes. I don't want to run into spiderwebs anymore. That's it.... I'm done. You can keep the other 2 wishes.
Did you know Achilles was a runway model? He was fired because of his walk. He had a problem with heels.
My wife set a limit on how much we can spend on each other for Christmas. It's $100 on me and $500 on her.
This mouthbreathing, fat creepy dude at work baked a cake and wrote, ""Eat cake if you want to be my girlfriend"" on it. I'm so torn right now
My kids don't believe that before video games, we used to have to go out and buy a hedgehog, paint it blue, then give it cocaine.
What do you call a cat that claims it's a lion crossed with a cougar? A liar.
Knock, Knock...
If you are going to use a boat to escape make sure its in water not in water town!
What do you call a person in the White House who is honest, intelligent, and law-abiding? A tourist.
Are there any prostitutes you can hire just to talk to you??? Apparently they are called therapist.
Clear before beer, and your clear to steer... into other cars or near by pedestrians killing them and or yourself so don't fucking drink and drive you fucking moron!
How do you get three popes into a Volkswagen? You take off their hats
They should make a reality TV show called, ""Jersey Shore meets Shark Week""
Why are government buildings alike all around the world? free masonry.
According to my iPhone Health app, I walked 1,787 steps around this Golden Corral buffet tonight .... So I got that going for me.
1st Roman Soldier: What is the time ? 2nd Roman Soldier: XX past VII !
In these tough times, you can pop in the Titanic DVD to watch rich people die painfully, their money powerless against the fury of nature
Her: All the men have jackets on. Why didnt you wear the sports jacket I got you? Me: You bought me a ski jacket Her: Skiing is a sport!
Why is the pussy slit verticaly and not horizontaly? So it doesn't clap when running.
What does a baby smell like in a microwave? Nsfw I don't know I was too busy jerking off.
Trolling my FB friends by commenting ""Looking good 
I bet nobody noticed Superman flying around at first, so Clark just started pointing out every bird and plane until it caught on
Did you year about the chinese male prostitute? He'll give you a Bro-Job.
An old Vermonter is sitting on his porch. A New Yorker is passing by and stops to chat. He asks the old timer, ""Have you lived here all your life."" ""Not yet.""
What do German women's lingerie and Africa have in common? Ze-bras!
I think your first love holds the biggest piece of your heart because they made the first cut.
Apparently I have a black person in my family tree... If you look in my backyard he's still hanging there!
Advice from an old native American hunter: Never go hunting for buffalo with a dull spear, it is pointless.
I asked my friend who the antagonist of Borderlands is. Me: ""If you tell me, i'll give you some alcohol for free"" Friend: ""Alright then, hand some jack""
How many Australians does it take to screw in a light bulb? It doesn't matter, they all turn them the the wrong way.
Three logicians walk into a bar. The bartender asks, ""Do you all want a beer?"" The first logician says, ""I don't know."" The second logician says, ""I don't know."" The third logician says, ""Yes.""
That artsy picture you took of your Jack Daniels really spoke to me. It said ""This persons an alcoholic but still takes decent pictures.""
If you see a swarm of jellyfish, DO NOT enter the ocean. It's a no-brainer.
I'm currently stuck behind traffic lights. Fuck you Roxanne.
I'm with North Korea when comes to being offended by James Franco and Seth Rogen.
What's the difference between a dirty bus station and a lobster with breast implants? One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean.
A man walks into a bar, and is torn apart in seconds. Whoops, sorry. Bear\*
music joke As the Cellist in our string quartet, i can't help but feel the other musicians are looking down on me. sorry about that, i will just be getting my coat.
What does a storm cloud have on beneath its clothes? Thunderwear!
Got pretty embarrassed at the party last night. Totally looked like I peed my pants 'cuz I spilled my glass of pee into my lap
What do you call a gay guy paralyzed from the neck down? A Tomato (because he's both a fruit AND a vegetable)
Lebron's life is like one big compass... He went South, His hairline went North, his dad went East and his mom went Delonte West.
""Doctor, tell me, if I quit drinking will, will I live longer?"" ""It will definitely feel longer. ""
When I see lovers' names carved into a tree I don't think it's sweet, I think it's surprising how many people bring a knife on a date.
A dentist recently had to pull some teeth The pain was bad enough, but when they told me I would have to drink directly from the glass for a whole day, that was the last straw.
Instead of yet another love song, someone should write a song about wanting to be left alone for fifteen minutes.
I have a Pakistani girl friend. Last night she said that she wanted to blow me. Now I wasn't sure if I should lower my pants or call the cops.
Q: What do you get when you cross a sheep and a porcupine? A: Nobody knows, but whatever it is, it knits its own sweaters.
Son: can I get lunch money Dad: I have a boyfriend
Helen Keller walks into a bar... And then a table... And then some chairs... And then a plate Glass window...
A Nun, a Priest, and a Rabbi walk into a bar... The bartender looks up and says, ""What is this, some kind of joke?""
A guy goes to the doctor... He says, ""Doc, every time I drink coffee I feel a sharp pain in my right eye."" The doctor asks, ""Did you take out the spoon?""
here's my dating advice. Take your date to go-karts. everyone loves go-karts. I just solved your life. you're welcome
Someone tried to sell me a coffin today... I told them its the last thing I need.
Pro tip: No matter how much you hate wrapping, never ask your wife to wrap her own Christmas presents.
What's the similarity between Bill Cosby and Santa have in common? They both come when you're asleep.
* feels winds of change * realizes it's just a hole in my shorts
What do vegan zombies eat? GRAAAAINS
Why did the Mexican push his wife off the cliff? Tequila
i forgot to mention those pills i gave you might turn you into a sloth [jim is typing] [jim is typing] [jim is typing] [jim is typing] ""ok""
Billy Joel: You may be right, I may be crazy! But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for... Billy Joel's 3 ex-wives: Yeah. Nope.
There's a difference between racism and fact... Niggers are stinky - fact
Not to brag but I have approximately 5000 compact discs I haven't listened to since 2003 that are preventing me from moving on with my life.
Good job with the heavy sighs, guy behind me, that should definitely help speed up the line.
How do you tell if the stage is level? The drummer is drooling from both sides of his mouth.
Donald Trump The joke's in the title.
I'm setting more realistic New Year's resolutions this year, like never doing anything right and not pleasing my wife.
Do you know what a girl says when she sees a big...NSFW Do you know what a girl says when she sees a big dick? *when the person says: 'no what'* I do
Why did Bossy tell the cowpoke to leave her calf alone? She thought children should be seen and not herded!
So i was taking a picture of you and your mom and i had to ask your mom to step aside Because I only have 5GB space left on my phone.
Why did Serj Tankian cross the road? because he wanted to...
Once my son was shooting nerfguns @ the clock &when I asked why said ""bc time killed the dinosaurs."" My kids are never leaving home are they
In the game of poker, you have to play the hand you're dealt. Unless it's a literal hand. Then it's a redeal.
My husband said he needs to have sex and now he is mad at me. Apparently, asking 'with each other' was the wrong response.
My wife says I'm too nosy. At least that's what she said in her diary.
Jesus was nailed to the cross. He said ""Peter, come forth"". Peter walks up, Jesus waves his hand and he is healed. Next he says ""Mary, come forth"" But Mary came fifth and won a toaster.
Why don't witches wear underwear? To get a better grip on the broom!...haha
Libraries are a good start, but we really need to keep working on the number of places where people shouldn't be allowed to talk.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea? I wouldn't pay $39 to have a garbanzo bean on my chest.
'Pizza Hut, can I take your order?' Me: 'May I speak with the owl, please?' 'Who?' Me: 'Hahaha, that never gets old! Large pepperoni.'
I come from a long line of people with convenient principles *helps an old lady cross the street because a girl is watching*
I think I might be a nihilist... not that it matters...
My art teacher told me to draw a Tardis I think im going to fail since I just drew police box.
Being a hacker in the '80's was way easier. *shakes vending machine until chocolate bars falls.
Mum thinks she's Dad. **Dad:** Honey, where oh where is a pair of my underwear? **Mum:** Your underwear is under there. **Dad:** Under where? **Mum:** Yes.
What do a Boston Marathon runner and Hitler have in common? Neither can finish a race.
What do women and hand grenades have in common? When you pull the ring off, your house goes away
What has a bottom at the top? legs
What do ghosts say when a girl footballer is sent off ? Ban-she ban-she !
Q: How does a bull stay warm on a bitterly cold day? ... ... A: He goes into the barn and slips into a nice warm Jersey.
I need a new assistant for my knife-throwing act. Also need a large rug and a gallon of bleach. Please RT.
What did Stevie Wonder say when he found out he was blind...? ""At least I'm not black""
Q: Why did the ghoul knit herself three socks? A: Because she grew another foot.
you think there'd be a word for 'sleeping bag' that isn't a placeholder description of what it is
Maybe we got it wrong and God just wanted to play doctor for a day: 'Here Moses, take these two tablets and call me in the morning'
I hate it when people pretend they know everything about culture when they talk about Mozart They probably have never seen any of his paintings.
Itching, flaky skin? Burning sensation while urinating? You're probably on fire!
How does a lawyer from Panama play his guitar? He shreds.
Where would Martin Luther King Jr. be right now if he was white? Alive
A senior partner with a herniated disc limps into a conference room Coworker 1: ""I feel like the world's moving in slow motion"" (pause) Coworker 1: ""Oh wait, it's just Charlie"" (motions at partner)
What did zero say to eight? Nice belt!
Me and my mates are in a band called Duvet. We're a cover band.
How do you reuse a condom? Turn it inside out and shake the shit out of it!
What did zero say to eight? Nice belt.
My Fitbit was delivered today. It's still sitting in the mailbox because I don't want to walk all the way out there.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Poop. There, you happy?
I tried out for the part of Jesus in my school play.... I think I nailed it
I used to drink all brands of beer. Now, I am older Budweiser!
I am never more aware that I don't have boobs than when I'm paying for my own drink.
I bought a 32ft ruler. For extreme measures.
22 year old me after a night of drinking: ""I hope I didn't do anything stupid."" 29 year old me: ""I hope I didn't agree to go on a hike.""
A Doctor and patient Doctor: ""I'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live."" Patient: ""What do you mean, 10? 10 what? Months? Weeks?!"" Doctor: ""Nine"".
Q: Why does NASA hire peroxide blondes?  A: They're doing research on black holes.
The Puzzle - I beat a record. - Oh , what? - I managed to do a puzzle in 15 days on which he had written "" from 3 to 5 years.""
Teacher: Where is your homework? Pupil: I was mugged on the way to school and the mugger took everything I had
Amazing how easily that guy scaled Trump Tower. Thank God u can't get suction cups in Mexico cause then wall idea would be really stupid.
Yes... I retweet. Isn't that kinda the point? Spread the love and shit? Mostly shit... But that's your fault...
What's the difference between a garbanzo and a chick pea? I'm not spending $100 to have a garbanzo on my face.
A man walks into the doctor's office wearing nothing but cellophane (saran-wrap). Dr. says, ""Clearly I can see your nuts!""
During sex im like a high energy photon hitting the Earth's atmosphere... I come fast and dont penetrate very far! ... ayyyyy!
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes..... ...that way when you criticize them you are a mile away, and have their shoes.
What do you call a symphony where everyone plays at the same time instead of taking turns? An *and*chestra.
What do you call a demon that lives in your butt? An ass-soul
Three men walk into a bar... The fourth one ducks.
Schooner or later, sailors... ...engage in rudder nonsense.
""Why don't you have kids yet?"" is a great question, ma'am, but I'm saving that conversation for the right total stranger at this gym.
87.53% of statistics are false Title
You're all arguing about what color the dress is... While I'm having sex with the girl who took it off.
Anyone ever notice how the word ""opinion"" looks like ""onion"", and how if you cut into either, people start crying?
So a 400 pound lady walks into a gas station to get directions.. she walks in and says ""How do I get to 280?"" A man steps out of line and replies ""I guess diet and exercise didn't work!""
My favorite part of eating alone at this trendy restaurant was when the waitress asked if I had cats because I had cat hair, ""all over.""
What does an astronaut do when he gets angry? He blasts off:
I joke a lot about how horrible my wife and kid are, but in reality you should know that it's not funny at all and it really sucks for me.
I've fallen in love with my tailor. What can I say, he suits me
Sorry I broke your arm when your reached for that last slice of pizza. -Flirting is hard.
I've successfully made a time machine Thank you kind stranger for giving me gold
What's an owl's favorite rock band? Owls personally prefer the track list of Rock Band 2. Just a solid game.
Why are there no Russian strippers? Cuz they tried to kill all the Poles
What's the difference between an Isis camp and an orphanage? I don't know, I just fly the drone
What did the black kid get on his SAT's? Barbeque sauce.
You know what West Virginians say about dating, don't you? The closer the kin, the better the skin.
Little Red Riding Hood is my favorite story about an idiot who can't tell the difference between a human and a wolf.
Hillary and Bernie walk into a bar... Hillary says that she shouldn't buy the drinks because she is Hillary. Bernie says that the drinks should be free for everyone. America dies.
I could probably kill this woman, serve my prison sentence, come back here and buy my diet coke before she finishes writing her check.
Q: Is Google a he or a she? A: A she, no doubt, because it wont let you finish your sentence without suggesting other ideas.
Its been almost ten years so I feel I can make this joke now. What did inhabitants of an island in South-East Thailand say when they saw a tsunami approaching? Oh, Phuket!
Why do presidents have unsatisfied wives? It takes four years to get an election.
Why are Mafia members so good at sex? Because they've always got a stiff in the trunk.
To impress women by coming across as a bit of a bad lad, I always tell them I'm in human trafficking. Which isn't a total lie as I'm a lollipop man.
There are 10 types of people in the world... Those that can read binary and those that can't.
What is President Clinton's favourite game? Swallow the leader.
Why did the string theorist return his vacuum cleaner It was only the standard model
Sex can make your day But anal can make your hole weak
I got a paper cut writing my suicide note... its a start
How can you tell if a clock is hungry? it goes back 4 seconds
The wife and I just got divorced. We split the house.........I got the outside.
What do you call a cheese that's not yours? My cheese!
When you ask me a question, would you prefer the blank stare or the eye roll as a response? I like to be prepared.
Why did the sperm cross the road? I wore the wrong socks.
My wife bought me Dunkin Donuts k-cups for my Keurig... Now, it's like I finally have an Indian in the Cupboard.
What is green and smells like paint? Green paint.
My girlfriend is so ungrateful. Whenever I give her an orgasm... ... she just spits it out.
Internet explorer... The best browser for downloading a new browser
Me: It's not often that a single guy like me gets a home cooked meal. Her: Why don't you get married? Me: I've never been that hungry.
What did the vampire say to the werewolf after discovering its blood is inedible? ""Fangs for nothing!""
How many Norwegians does it take to change a light bulb? They don't bother, you can find lutfisk in the dark.
American police.
My phone never asks me to put my husband down.
What do you call milk at the edge of a cliff? Legendary
What do you call a group of medical professionals who navigate around the Horn of Africa without being accosted by pirates? Doctors without boarders.
What's the difference between your wife and your job? Your job sucks
The only good mornings are the ones that start in the afternoon.
I've been working on my best ice cream creation ever but it got infected. It's my Magnum O'pus.
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
How do hipsters buy their drugs? by the instagram.
This morning I saw an ad offering 'help' to people contemplating suicide Which confused me, because the industry has banned ads for cigarettes, but apparently they have no qualms with murder.
Question: What river separates China and India? Answer: the Fraser River (which separates Richmond and Surrey)
They say alcohol cures everything, but that's a lie... It still hasn't cured my alcoholism.
I went to the store to get 6 cans of sprite... Ended up picking 7up
On my 5 year old's report card it said, ""He is encouraged to ask more questions"". ARE YOU KIDDING ME.
My suicide notes just keep turning into grocery lists.
What is a parrot's favorite game ? Hide and Speak !
What do you call a guy who always phones people? Colin.
Whose son was Edward the Black Prince ? Old King Coal !
I know a guy who collects candy canes... ...they are all in mint condition.
2034. All motivation comes from posters now. People can't even find the strength to poop without seeing italics over a meadow
Three guys walk into a bar... The fourth one ducks under it.
""I've found that I'd scream the exact same way If a piece of seaweed touches my leg or if a shark were trying to bite me."" - Kevin James
I've got reverse Benjamin Button disease.
What was a poor Roman citizen's favorite breakfast? Fruity Plebbles.
It sounded like someone on a moped was approaching but it turned out to be 1,000 bees on a regular bicycle.
USDA approves shipment of marijuana-fed cows' beef Analytical studies show that the steaks are high
Chuck Norris... ...played a used game once... on the Xbox One.
What do you call a women who has had a lot of sex? Her name #Feminist jokes
Safety Tip: Always have a loaded water gun ready to go in case of a home invasion by a cat burglar.
Q:Why did hitler kill himself after he lost to russia? A:His whole world came Kremlin down
What did the italian man with dementia have for dinner? Forgetti Bolognese.
A one liner for the holiday, say no to drugs... Everybody says that you should say no to drugs, but I'm thinking that if you're talking to drugs, it's too late
FB is the Flanders of social media, Twitter is Moe.
Everyone buries their problems in different ways. I bury them alive because killing people is wrong.
I just cut my hand on a box of band aids if you were wondering how I'm doing at life
Smokey The Bear is the narc version of Yogi Bear.
What do you call a Nazi turkey? Joseph Gobbles.
Where do you find a dog that has no legs? Right where you left them.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? He wanted to win the No Bell Prize.
What do you call the nicest guy in the hospital? The Ultra-sound guy..... Who covers him when he's not available? The hip replacement guy!
Q: How did a blind man drive his car? A: One hand on the wheel
How do you grow a cow? Plant its nuts.
What do you call a pantry full of lesbians? A lick-her cabinet
What's the difference between humans and bullets? Humans miss Harambe
If a seagull lives by the sea... If a seagull lives by the sea, what do you call a bird that lives by the bay? A Bay Gull
why can't you keep a jew in jail? they eat lox...
What's President Obama's favorite vegetable? Barack-oli
its prettey gutsy that u call urself a salad, potato salad
How do you get 100 jews into a car? Toss a penny in, how do you get them out? tell hitler is driveing the car.
Two condoms walk into a gay bar They look at each other and say ""let's get shit faced!""
What does Neil Degrasse Tyson call orgies... ...the big bang courtesy of reds
If you borrow my laptop and the volume is at 16% go wash your hands immediately
I broke up with my girlfriend because she wouldn't go to the gym with me. We just weren't working out.
What did the Spanish fireman call his two sons? Jose and Hoseb
I wonder who is being John Malkovich right now.
They read them up side down Why don't bats enjoy r/jokes?
How do you save a pirate's life? C P Arrr!
No wonder Jared lost weight... He doesn't like footlongs.
1 Bitcoin = 19.62 USD. What does it say about your economy when imaginary internet money is worth more than your ""Real World Money""?
I'm going to skip home tonight because sometimes life is seriously brilliant. *throws confetti*
Twitter has no plot, millions of characters, & it never ends. Basically, it's a ""Hobbit"" movie.
What did the little boy with cancer get for Christmas? AIDS
I'm shit at remembering names. But isn't every Tom, Rick, and Larry
world's funniest joke: Liverpool FC winning the barclays premier league
What's the best thing to come out of a penis? The wrinkles.
How many kids with ADSD does it take to change a lightbulb? ""Lets go ride our bikes!""
Today I don't feel like doing anything. Except you
My wife complains that I never open the car door for her, but when I do she's all, ""Stop it, you're driving too fast! We're on a bridge!""
Why dont arabs have drivers and sex ed on the same day The camels would get to tired
Just phished Forest Gump's Facebook password, it's: 1Forest1
So my great-grandpa died at Auschwitz.... An overused joke fell on top of him and crushed him.
Someone you don't care about just listened to a song you don't like on Spotify!
Why do you forget a tooth as soon as the  dentist pulls it out? Because it goes right out of your head.
I know you didn't sneeze. I said ""God bless you"" because your baby is ugly.
Dallas Cowboys Why do you have to repeat things you say to Dez Bryant? He doesn't always catch it the first time.
Jokes about vaginas are disgusting... Period.
Today I found my first grey pubic hair... I got really excited, but not as much as the other people on the bus.
What did one Casket say to the other Casket? ""Is that you Coffin?""
If I had a crystal ball to see 5 years in the future, I would have 2020 vision.
What do you tell a woman with no arms or legs? Nice tits.
Dating Q. Why did this OkCupid user never go out on a date? A. ""I couldn't imagine a date could be interested in knowing about me more than this website""
What comes after Q Jokes? /r/Jokes
My mom told me not to kill the spider but to take it out... so I did, we had a few drinks, top lad he is..currently working as a web designer.
I like my women how I like my coffee. Big tits.
I was really bad in my school band. So bad they kicked me out and put me on the registered sax offenders list.
I just had sex I don't know where else to post it
my ex-girlfriend named my penis Trump, Because it talked a big game to get inside, left her disappointed, and she wanted to get rid of it in 4 years or less...
If you watched a movie of my life backwards it would be about a guy who refills beer cans and puts them back into the fridge.
I stand right next to the ""God Hates Fags"" guy with a sign that says ""Please Ignore My Ex-Boyfriend""
Boyfriend calls me Gluteal Myalgia because he thinks I'm too dumb to understand what it means. Let's see how he likes the name Microphallus
Q: Why did the suspenders get arrested? A: Because they held up a pair of pants.
A cannibal chief was just about to stew his latest victim for dinner when the man protested ""You can't eat me ? I'm the manager!"" ""Well"" said the cannibal ""soon you'll be a manager in chief.""
It takes more muscles to frown than to smile. So, hate fun or have a fat face, your choice.
Did you hear about the statistician's party? The dress code was causal.
A king gets murdered in his sleep... Two of his most loyal servants found the body, with a sword in the king's chest. One the servants turns to the other and says ""Wow, he must have had a bad knight.""
The words 'selfie' and 'twerk' have been added to the dictionary this year while 'charm' and 'dignity' have been removed.
A sissy in a Prius terrormobile tried to race me at a stop sign. Had him for the first 100 feet, but a fella can only walk so fast. Merica.
Anytime I see a tweet in a different language, I read it as ""Oo ee Oo ah ah, ting tang walla walla bing bang.""
What is Hitler's least favorite drink? Orange Jews
Why didn't blacks in 1850 give high-fives? Because everyone always left them hanging!
Q: When does a bed grow longer? A: At night, because two feet are added to it.
Pots and pans set: $70. Wrapping paper: $5. Tape: $3. Watching your mother unbox and attempt to wrap said pots and pans: priceless.
I still remember when everyone wanted their phone to be smaller. Now that we can watch porn on them, everyone wants them bigger.
Hey girl, are you a fire alarm? Cause you're fucking annoying.
It's not that I'm a bad boyfriend. I'm just a horrible person.
The only requirement to work at Hot Topic is the manager has to be able to shove a softball through your ear gauges.
If you don't have anything nice to say come sit closer to me and let's talk about everyone
A toast! Had to throw away my toaster because it kept burning my toast. I guess you could say I'm black toast intolerant.
*bursts into starbucks* Me: DO YOU GUYS HAVE A POWER OUTLET Barista: yeah over there Me: oh thank god *plugs in a mechanical bull*
That guy is so poor... ... that he has to fuck his own wife.
It's SO ADORABLE when my kid's fish sleeps upside down. Because that's what it's doing. Sleeping upside down. At least until I go to Petco.
Families are like onions.... Watching them be cut into small pieces will make you cry.
How do you measure the mass of God? Yahweh it of course.
Women are like pickup trucks. Men with poor taste usually want to add a lift kit.
I see London, I see France! (I'm looking at Google maps)
What is it called when a thief steals a purse, runs into the street, then gets run over? *Car*ma
yesterday i bought stamps & mailed something just like our ancestors the dinosaurs!
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
Two reasons i never let my girlfriend touch my iPhone 1)I don't have an iPhone 2)I don't have a girlfriend.
What do you call s'mores in Spanish? S'mas
[me narrating a documentary on urchins] ""look at these boring moist porcupines""
Job interview tip: Tell them you're not an applicant, you're an appliCAN. Lick your finger, hold it against buttock. Make sizzling noise.
The best part of being an adult is eating whatever you want. I just ate a small man that pissed me off at the liquor store.
Accountants are very clever opponents. They are used to being underestimated.
What do you call Charlie Sheen in a wheelchair? ROLAIDS
I like my women how I like my cheese... ...blue, filled with holes, and wrapped in plastic in my fridge.
I'm sick of being the guy everyone comes to when they want the money I owe them.
Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill really pisses me off. Now its only worth 2 more then a $10 bill...
I parked in a disabled space today and a traffic warden shouted, ""Oi, what's your disability?"" I said, ""Tourettes! Now fuck off you c*nt!""
Why did the black man cross the road? Better question is what the FUCK is he doing outside of the cotton field!?
How is the layer of fat around a woman's vagina called? Woman.
When I die I really hope that as a ghost I can travel and not be stuck in one place. I have people to scare and some I want to see naked.
What did the ice cream say to the unhappy cake? ""Hey what's eating you?""
Knock knock. Who's there? Mom & Dad. Mom & Dad who? Exactly. -Cool way to tell your son he's adopted.
There are two types of people in this world 1 those who understand bianary and 10 those who don't
What do you call an illegitimate female cow? Miss Steak
What does DNA stand for? the National Dyslexic Association
Trump wants to pass a law banning grocery stores from selling shredded cheese... ... in order to ""make America Grate again""
Can you tell me a dirty joke? I want to be more outgoing.
My friend got attacked by a bear recently It was really grizzly.
What do you call a deer... without eyes? No eye deer. without eyes or legs? Still no eye deer. without eyes, legs, or genitalia? Still no fucking eye deer.
Interviewer asked me why I'd make a good waiter? Me: You could say I...bring a lot to the table.
I was pooping in a bathroom with no windows when the there was a power outage. When I had to wipe my butt I couldn't see shit.
I could be happily married to some dude for 50 year an id still be textin ma pals like ""omg do u think he likes me???""
KFC came out with the Obama Bucket.. Its all left wings, and chicken shits.
What washes up on small beaches? Microwaves!
Retweet this and something good will happen at some point in the near future that you can choose to attribute to having retweeted this.
*lowers car suspension to look more gangster* *takes 12 minutes to ride over a speedbump*
My brief gig as a lounge singer ended when I asked 4 requests & realized I didn't know the song ""Get Off the Stage or Die."" Elvis, maybe?
What do you call a red-headed baker? A Ginger-bread man
[puts scarf on snowman] Girl: to keep u warm Snowman: I am made of snow. G: omg you're alive! S: ok but lets get past that. are you stupid
How do you circumcise a hillbilly? Kick his sister in the jaw
Abortion... ...it brings out the kid in you.
I shot my first Turkey today. Scared the shit out of everyone in the frozen food section, it was awesome!
to be Frank, i would have to change my name.
I think I burn most my calories at the gym untangling headphones.
A guy is driving home thinking to himself.... if I was in a joke right now, what would the punch line be? Long story or short, he gets in a car accident and dies.
Have you ever heard of the lost Indian tribe the Halarwi? they walk around the forest saying ""were the halarwi""
Old people at weddings always poke me and say your next So I started doing the same thing to them at funerals
What do a gallon of milk and the city of Carthage have in common? Ideally you only have to sack them once, but we should probably sack them again for good measure.
85% of conversations with my mom is trying to figure out who the ""she"" in her story is.
Ask /r/personalfinance to draw you a line, they deliver a circle. They always make ends meet!
What's the last thing to go through a bug's mind when it hits a car's windshield? Its butt!
They're dying the Chicago River blue in honor of the Cubs win... It's the first time it will be blue since the French got there.
Batman: I told you, if it's mine you have to say bat before it.. Like bat-mobile, bat-arang.. Doctor: Fine, you have bat-herpes
Why did the commuter want the carpool driver to take the bridge? To avoid car-pool tunnel!
God: Noah, I need an ark. Noah: Why don't you ask Joseph, the carpenter? God: Uh [huge grin] cos I'm banging his wife? [raises hand] up top?
Why did the lion get lost? Because jungle is massive
That awkward moment when someone adds you on Facebook, but never says hi in real life.
With all of the experience The Fine Bros have... I wonder why they didn't see this reaction coming.
Want to hear a dirty joke? A white horse fell into mud. Want to hear a clean joke? Three men taking a shower together.
Why are some girls so odd? Because they can't even.
Where do Mexicans shop for books? Borders
I'm so broke that I posed nude for a magazine last week. That's the last time I go to that newsagents!
I saw a woman really screaming at her kids in public this morning, but in her defense, the kids were ugly.
Why was drug addicted Moses upset when he was floating down a river? because he was in Da-Nile
I've been running as fast as I can, but I still can't catch my breath.
Using only a paperclip, taffy, and rubber band, MacGuyver left another shitty tip.
What do you call a Chinese man with a video camera (racism free) Phil Ming
What do you call an overpriced and overhyped game? No Man's Sky.
To Brie or not to Brie. That is the queso.
Next time my cat has some friends over, I'm going to puke right next to where they are sitting and see how she likes it.
Alarming new research into the growing sleep epidemic Over 99% of people are now addicted to sleep, admitting they engage in sleep at least twice a week, most say they couldn't live without it
Someone told me today that I'm pretentious... Moi!?!?
What's the most important part about making a Pokemon joke? The Exeggution!
How do you make an archaeologist blush? [repost for spelling] You hand him a dirty tampon and ask him what period it's from!
? Hey there Delilah, this is dispatch please come quickly There's a robbery in progress Suspect is white & in his 50s And high on gluuue ?
What do you call a French sandal? Philippe Flop!
Divorce court is like regular court except the judge sentences you to freedom.
Q: What did the blind German say? A: I can Nazi you!
what's the worst part about being a pedophile? trying to fit in.
Boss: ""late again I see"" Brain: think of a good excuse! Mouth: ""your moms late."" Brain: wow....
Why don't the French have fireworks on Bastille day? because they would all surrender.
Politics is like a car you press ""D"" to go forward and ""R"" to go back
What do you do with an epileptic lettuce? You make a seizure salad
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a car. The car crashes. Who survived? *America.*
Turns out I got Lazik surgery by mistake so now I have two lazy eyes.
Wife: My mom is watching our kids for the night. Me: Oh, baby. Do you know what we can do? *falls asleep at 7 p.m.*
[at work] CW: Hey, I found your Twi... Me: *jumps out window* CW: ...Twinkies.
Pope joins twitter. Quits being Pope. Takes twittercide to a whole new level. Your move, drama queens.
It was Christmastime, and everybody was feeling Merry. So she went home.
Good Night, Sleep Tight, Don't let Mike Tyson bite.
If you're not singing ""Hitler Baby one more time"" to the tune of Britney Spears' ""Hit Me Baby One More Time"" I'm sorry but you are now.
Where do you find a one legged cow? Where ever you left it.
What do you call a dog who likes to eat at subway? A sub-woofer!!
Which insect didn't play well in goal ? The fumble bee !
Why did the male ghost get scared after the female ghost said ""boo""? The male ghost wasn't ready for a committed relationship.
[Dollar Store Interview] ""What are your qualifications?"" [Slides over a dollar] ""Cashier job is yours"" [Slides $2] ""Welcome to Management""
My girlfriends nervous about giving birth. I said don't worry, women have been doing it for over 100,000 years.. .. Or in the case of Republicans, women have been doing it for 6,000 years or less
What did the bartender say to the horse? bartender: Why the long face? Horse: My alcoholism is destroying my family.
Why can nobody understand sausages when they talk??? Because they speak in tongs. I'll show myself the door
Have you heard about these new corduroy pillows? They've really been making headlines. -courtesy of my 8 year old niece.
I ""accidentally"" washed my cellphone once, and my wife has never let me do laundry again.... Yeah Accident
*Rides off into sunset* *forgets mobile* *Rides back*
This stray cat on my balcony is looking at me like I'm invading its privacy.
Some guy told me he could get 10 times as many women as I do Joke's on him, 10 times zero is still zero.
I'm going to freeze some of my sperm so that if something goes wrong later in life, I can kill my nemesis with a disgusting icicle.
What gets whiter as it gets dirtier? Michael Jackson!
there's a pile of shoes by the door and you're looking for the pair that will be the quietest for when you leave
A drunk man walks into a bar... ... and a table... and a chair...
I can really only think of one thing worse than genocide. Jews.
Did you know that Dracula wants to become a  comedian? He's looking for a crypt writer.
""Go ahead caller"" Why radio DJ's should never work a suicide hotline...
I said ""Hi"" to a feminist. The trial is scheduled for tomorrow
Don't embarrass a guy by telling him his fly is open in public. Just be a man, walk over there, and slowly zip it up for him.
Wrong Hole! - a love story
[Bee diary] Day one: met a really cute queen bee Day two: queen bee is now my gf Day three: my gf cheated on me with my 40,000 roommates
What word starts with F, ends with UCK, and people look for it when it gets a little too hot... A firetruck... .. You dirty person you... :-)
The doctor gave me 4 months to live. So I shot him. The judge gave me 20 years. Problem solved.
Happy Birthday Tupac! He would've been 72 today if Dick Cheney hadn't shot him in his face.
First trick or treater of the day just came round dressed as Gloria Gaynor At first I was afraid, I was petrified.
Why are their no jokes about the Jonestown Massacre? Because the punchline is to long
What do you call a chocolate Easter bunny that was out in the sun too long? A runny bunny.
So my husband asked me if I anted a boob job... I replied ""How much does it pay?""
Despite other issues one aspect of Pokemon Go is perfect: You're always encountering new and interesting bugs.
Hey my American friend, I heard you like Football jersey's so I got you the new Irish Kit!! *Um, Bro?*
What would a piggy-bank say if it could talk? Coink! Coink!
Friend: ""This is the year I'm going to marry my best friend."" Me: ""This is the year I'm going to train my dog to come when I call him.""
I'm not high! - high people I'm not drunk! - drunk people I'm not lying! - lying people I'm not gay! - my brother
Jay-Z has an underachieving brother named Lay.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
I watched a documentary about the lives of beavers last night... It was the best dam movie I've ever seen.
They say 75% of all Americans live next to a pedophile. Not me.... I live next door to a hot 10 year old girl.
What does a guy call his diabetic girlfriend? Sweet Pee
You'll never know how funny a tweet can be until you think of all the ways after posting it.
My girlfriend said it was either her or my obsession of showing people where doors are... ""Well, there's the door.""
What is the difference between an amateur archer and a constipated owl? One shoots but can't hit... The other hoots but can't shit.
I'm a professional click-baiter. AMA! What I did there....Did you see it?
How do you know you've satisfied a redhead? She unlocks the handcuffs. Edit: for everyone that isn't getting it, it means kinky sex
I just climbed a mountain of fish, or you could say... I scaled it.
How do two lesbians pass their time when on their period? Finger painting.
I think when a transvestite goes missing their face should appear on a carton of half & half
Sunglasses were invented so you can stare at me while you're with your girlfriend.
Who takes over when the Ultrasound man is on leave? The Hip Replacement Guy.
I'm not an alcoholic, an alcoholic NEEDS a drink... I already have one
Math puns are the first sine of insanity Title
What did transferred epithet tell hyperbole? Calm your tits, bro
Three popes walk into a bar. Wow, that place is popeular!
I realized taking dogs for walks is basically their way of checking social media. One lap of smells is a newsfeed scroll. Peeing is posting.
If ""loving you"" is wrong, then i don't want to be right!
one of those 60 second cooking videos but for how to cover up an accidental manslaughter
GEEK BOOTY CALL... FRESH AIR You're a breath of fresh air, just like my asthma inhaler!
I once called my teacher mom I was home schooled
My family made a pact that I'm the first to be sacrificed in a zombie apocalypse because I'll slow them down. That's my workout motivation.
One day, some dude was all ""You know where we should save our money? Inside a statue of a pig" and everybody went ""That is a GREAT idea.""
Doctors in Zurich, Switzerland, in a 14-hour operation, successfully separated the conjoined Facebook account of a husband and wife.
What's the difference between an ass kisser and a brown noser? Depth perception.
The Game You just lost.
A man in Arizona buys a [Tempescope Cube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ddMyIsxZ-g). He returned it a week later because all it did was blow sand and tumbleweeds around.
Damn it's cold out. Better wear a coat, hat, gloves & boots. Sorry legs, you're still getting pants only, thanks for doing all the work tho
Making Snacks by San Widge
""Do you know how fast you were going?"" 75 in a 55. I'm sorry officer. ""Get out of the car."" *Cop cuddles driver* ""Stop doing this. I worry.""
Thank you, student loan, for getting me through college. I don't think I can ever repay you .
If homosexuals come out of the closet, do necrophiliacs come out of the casket?
Cow joke. Maybe sex for a cow aint great since the bull dick is jerky.
""My girlfriend? You wouldn't know her. She's a bit underground."" ...said the hipster necrophiliac.
What do you call a disabled man in the hood? A Kripple.
My Fairy God-Mother once offered me the choice of a longer penis or a better memory I can't remember what I chose
A guy asked me out! Well, a guy asked me if I was going to be the same place he is. FINE, my boss called to see if I was coming to work.
Me: Your generation sits around with their noses in their phones Niece: Your generation made the guys who wrote the Macarena rich Me: ...
Katy Perry is like the girl in the Sexy GirlScout costume at the Halloween party who pretends to like sports, makes blowjob jokes and cries.
Friends with benefits who are bad at sex ...are hard to come by.
What is your favorite one to two line joke? Keep em coming boys and gals. This is making my 15 car ride way better!
What kind of online videos do fish love to watch? Hardcore prawn
Sorry I referred to your baby shower as a gift extortion party.
Sometimes I'll tell my wife the car is making a weird noise and I need to listen just so I don't have to hear her talk.
A girl asked her brother If he could help her move her stuff to her new house and he refused and she asked him why He said he couldn't be her brother and assister too
Got an extension cord, and moved the microwave right into bed with me. This 2015 is looking like a good one already.
What do you call a woman in Thailand? A three-legged lady
How many ""Mean Girls"" jokes is too many? The limit does not exist
Nothing fcuks up your Friday like realizing it's only Thursday!
How can you tell the difference between a Fleshlight and the porn star it was modeled after? Rubber clit...
What killed the Wicked Witch of The West? Splash damage
What do you call a kid with no arms or legs. Names.
Did you hear about the famous nudist? He wanted more exposure.
My tongue was actually in the Guinness Book of World Records until the damn librarian kicked me out.
How many ninjas are in this room? As many as want to be!
If my husband asks, we took a lit course together in college
Round metal object they throw at the olympics Discuss.
What is the cheapest meat available? Deer Balls. They're under a buck!
Two Mexicans fall of a cliff at the exact same time. Who wins? Society.
When my kids misbehave we watch 'Honey, I Shrunk the Kids' and then I make them stand in a giant Petri dish while I set up the machine.
A woman ran out of toothpicks... Woman: Nanny! Why do we always ran out of toothpicks? Nanny: I don't know maam. I always return it after using.
I wanted to grill something good for watching today's horse race But my butcher didn't have any Belmont steaks
There are two secrets to being a successful businessman. 1) Never tell people everything you know... 2)
My friend doesn't believe in gosh. I'm afraid he'll go to heck.
In actuality, Batman is just a more violent and dark version of Inspector Gadget.
How did Hellen Keller's parents punish her? They gave her a basketball.
What do Kermit the Frog and Henry the VIII have in common? Same middle name.
Before taking viagra, ask your doctor if your heart is healthy enough for sex. Riiight.
I always feel bad for seedless watermelons, because what if they wanted babies?
Accidentally changed neighbor to neighbour and now I'm saying stuff like ""bloody hell"" and ""brilliant""
Why didn't the cannibal eat Mike  Tyson? He thought he would give him a paunch!
I'm not very good with DIY. A pile of books fell on my head... I only have my shelf to blame :-(
If you watch Wall-E backwards its about a little robot that would rather live alone forever than deal with fat people.
I wonder... ...how many people will read this in the bathroom.
A joke my grandfather told me about insecurity Never mind, it's stupid
You hear the one about the transgender student? He spent his Junior year a broad.
You know who hates unexpected visitors? Osama Bin Ladin
A question that answers itself What is curiosity?
Yesterday was National Girlfriend day and my girl friend really enjoyed it .. ... my wife .. not so much.
To limit my smoking... I only smoke on days that start with 'T'... like Tuesday, Thursday, today, and tomorrow.
How long does it take to get from Dorne to Meereen? It Varys.
A Dyslexic man walks into a bra
What do you do, if you're jerking off when you're meant to do something else but you're putting it off? Procrasturbation.
Why didn't anyone react when the king farted? Because it was a noble gas
I told my boss I couldn't come into work because my anal glaucoma was acting up. I just couldn't see my ass there.
Did you know there are only two Lawyer jokes? The rest are all true.
Daddy, what's a transvestite? Ask mommy, he knows
""I've turned over a new leaf"" ~ me explaining to the nissan salesman that I had an accident on the test drive
Want followers? Tweet something funny. Can't think of anything? Tweet something honest. Can't say anything honest or funny? Try Facebook.
The United States of America Yeah, That's it.
*unexpected snow fall* Americans: ""It's the end. The apocalypse is here!"" Canadians: ""Huh...I might need a jacket""
My friends think my cat is loyal and selective with his affection, but the truth is that I don't have any friends.
What is the difference between a single 40-year-old woman and a single 40-year-old man? The 40-year-old woman thinks often of having children and the man thinks often about dating them.
I have a step ladder I never knew my real ladder...but I heard great things about him, like he supported 3 people at one time... last I heard he was In a 12 step program
I think my girlfriend is starting to gain weight. She's starting to fit into my wife's clothes.
So I was nailing my girl from behind ... After we were done she turns to me and says. ""my friends tell me you are a pedophile."" To which I reply ""That is an awfully big word for a 10 year old""
Why are poodles suspicious of strangers? Because they're afraid of running into a poodaphile.
Arrested Development is cool, but when is Netflix gonna bring back my Grampa?
What illness are you suffering from if you keep seeing cartoon animals who talk? Disney spells.
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any kids? Because every time his wife gets hot, he covers her with dirt and beats her with a shovel.
If you are anti-abortion... Are you pro youth-in-asia?
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman? ""the Dark Knight Rises""
""Look guide here are some LION tracks."" ""Good. You see where they go and I'll find out where they came from.""
Dear investors, I'd like to make a chap stick called ""food court Chinese food."" Please snapchat if interested.
There are certain professions where having experience doesnt account for anything like being a suicide bomber
If I was a transformer,  I would turn into Megan Fox's vibrator
I bought some pot from a T-Rex ... ... he was a small arms dealer.
The bartender says ""Sorry, we don't make that here."" Quentin Tarantino walks into a bar. He gets up and leaves. He takes a seat and orders a Polynesian Pearl Diver.
I just put on sine trousers I haven't worn since a wedding in 2001. I found a Nokia 3210 in the pocket... It still had 2 bars of battery. *some trousers
A little boy and his father are walking in a cemetery ...and come across a gravestone that reads ""here lies a lawyer and a good man"" The boy asks his father ""Dad, why did they bury 2 men in 1 grave?""
What kind of sunglasses does Ned Flanders wear? Oakley Dokelys
I lost my laptop on the beach yesterday Now it's a dell, rolling in the deep
Excuse me, do you like graves? Yeah, I dig 'em.
[creation of bats] God: stretch out that mouse
I'm Black. So I can't be racist. But these suckers keep telling me that I am. ""Jake, you can't call yourself Black just because you went to jail once. That is racist""
So in 2016 I've decided to leave all the negative people behind. So im sorry if i owe you money because im moving on from that now.
People who quit Reddit, what is life like now?
Doctor: I have some bad news. You HAVE to stop masturbating. Man: OMG Doc, WHY? Doctor: I'm trying to examine you.
Was Billy Idol? No, he was moving at the time.
Instead of ""the John"" I decided to start calling my bathroom ""the Jim"" I needed to workout more. Now first thing in the morning I always go to the Jim!
I hate to toot my own horn, but: [sad trombone].
Why don't mathematicians ever get blackout drunk? They know their limits.
A woman got wooden breast implants yesterday. It would be funny if this joke had a punch line wooden tit.
I didn't have to shower alone today..... Related.......why the hell are there spiders in the winter?
Kanye and Kim name their first child North West... ....in hopes that it will one day be the lead singer for One Direction
How do you make sure you have the best space party for your kid? You planet early.
Wouldn't it be great if Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber hooked up... to one of Dr. Kevorkian's machines?
when you move to a new town everyone wants to date you because they don't know you're a piece of shit yet. i highly recommend it.
The biggest difference between men and women is what comes to mind when the word 'Facial' is used.
""GOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL"" -Soccerates
I'm currently dating a woman that, like me, has Parkinson's and kleptomania. We're going to take things slow.
Hooker What did the guy say to the hooker after he was finished? Well I'm going to leave it with you!
What's longer than most relationships these days? This status.
""You know what pal, lay your own damn eggs"" - jerk chicken
I was recently at an antiques store. I picked up a lamp and a genie popped out. He said ""I will grant you one wish, you can either have a long memory or a long penis"" I forget my response.
Most people love a good munch box Lunch*
""By night's end, one of these teams will be the victor."" Thank you for that breakdown, Bob Costas. I was worried they might all die instead.
I hate buying Velcro.. it's such a ripoff!
Have you heard of the new Xman? Caitlyn Jenner
Why was the cowboy a lot of laughs? He was always horsing around.
If someone ever intimidates you, remember that they're 70% water. Are you scared of water? Well you should be. 400,000 people drown per year.
boss: why aren't you working? me: i didn't see you coming!
""Friends"" ended 10 years ago today, but thanks to television, ""me having friends"" ended long before that.
What is an MRI's favorite music? Metal
What's the difference between refrigerators and gay people? Refrigerators don't fart when the meat gets pulled out
Who do Canadians call when their car breaks down. Triple Eh!
You're a party girl until your looks deteriorate. Then you're just a drug addict.
How many computer programmers does it take to change a light bulb? Are you kidding? That's a hardware problem!
Rudolph's red nose is actually the result of a parasitic infection in his respiratory system. Stay woke.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman? None
What kind of wood doesn't float? Natalie.
I saw a flock of angry ducks the other day. I wonder why they were in such a fowl mood.
Why did the pop band get cancer? They were radio active.
How many immature people does it take to screw in a light bulb? 69.
A classic among my friends Knock knock. Who's there? Allah. Allah who?  Allahu akbarrrrrrrrrr-
What do you call a flower in Florida? Orlando Bloom.
I hate being bipolar.. It's great.
A console gamer walks into a bar... ...only to buy a free drink for 60$ To anyone wondering this joke is not made by me but i just had to share it. Credit goes to /u/Unbiased_Bob
Oh, I see you're an extrovert. Sorry, we can't be friends. I already have a friend who's an extrovert. One of you is enough.
I'm not Catholic, but I've given up picking my belly button for lint.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy in the morning... And some times I just let her sleep in.
I was asked who my favorite x-men was. I guess Caitlyn Jenner wasn't a good answer
What is the difference between Rihanna and a coconut? One is black and hairy and the other is a coconut
I have been taking notes So if you are missing notes, I probably have them
I've found that the things I'm most interested in aren't really in my best interest.
I love my cats so much, I love that I get to have these two tiny killing machines cuddled up in bed with me
What do funeral home staff do if they mess up transporting a body? They go back and re-herse.
what do you do if life gives you lemonade? make lemons out of it and life will be like whaaaat?!?
Why did the orange stop rolling down the hill? It ran out of juice.
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea? The oyster farmer shucks between fits...
Why did the scarecrow win the nobel prize? He was outstanding in his field.
What if someone was called zelnut Then I'd be like hey zelnut
A math teacher ought to be president... To make America integrate again.
I have invented a kitchen cleaner that kills 0.1% of bacteria. I plan to sell the secret to Dettol.
I'm ready to start a family, in the sense that I have enough chip clips for 6 people.
I got sacked from my job at the Clock Factory. I just stood around making faces all day.
Knock knock knock knock knock. Who's there? Michael J Fox
After I beat my dad in Go Fish, I like to shit in my underwear to celebrate. -My son, apparently
It is said that Bill Gates once farted in an Apple store which stank up the entire place. But after all, it's their fault for not having Windows.
Cooking is like Sex Sometimes it's Hot and Fast! Other times it's Slow and Sexy .. I can't cook
I don't believe Trump when he says he doesn't smoke In the past 2 months I've seen him smoke 2 Cubans.
Two individuals decide to spend Ramadan together... They were fast friends!
What do you call it when two bottles of lotion start dating? A re-lotion-ship.
If you play a Coldplay song backwards, you'll hear a lot of creepy, Satanic chanting in Latin But if you play a Coldplay song the normal way, you'll hear something much worse. A Coldplay song.
I lost 20 pounds in England last summer. How much is that in American dollars?
Knock Knock Who's there ! Bison ! Bison who ? Bison girl scout cookies !
Why did the hipster die? He thought breathing was too mainstream
A father asks his child, ""Could you please stop listening to Korean music?"" ""K, pop.""
but sir, if a picture is worth a thousamd words then i dont understamd why my essay cant just be 4 or 5 emojis
Yo mama's so stupid she can't pass a blood  test.
Which vitamin best helps a pokemon breed? PP Up.
A teenager goes in for his regular physical Doctor: Do you drink alcohol? Teen: No Doctor: Do you smoke or do drugs? Teen: No. I'm also not sexually active. Doctor: Well no shit
Monk at the Dentist Did you hear about the Buddhist monk who refused Novocain during a root canal? He wanted to transcend dental medication.
What do you call? What do you call an anorexic with a east infection? A quarter pounder with cheese.
(Calm down, this isn't a racist joke.) How do you find will smith in a snowstorm? (Not a racist joke!) You look for the fresh prints!
Why are there so many good jokes about feminists? Well, they're huge targets...
""It's so funny running into you like this."" -Guy who just crashed his car into yours in a hilarious way
What's the difference between you and a calendar? A calendar has a future...
I recently had an interview with Sony I didn't get the job because I was underqualified.
Life is like a Penis It's simple, relaxed and hanging free most of the time. It's women who make it hard.
Three blondes are sitting on a park bench eating ice cream cones. One is sucking hers one is biting hers one is licking hers. Which one is married? The one with the wedding ring YOU SICK-O!
My iPhone just autocorrected the word nigga to NIGGA, like whoa iPhone. You can't just go around yelling the N word. Jesus.
Doctor: Open your mouth (inserts tongue depressor) Me: Mmm, this tastes good. Dr: You should have tasted it when the Popcicle was on it!
I have a love-hate relationship with my wife... I love her, she hates me! Ho-ho!
What's green and sings? Elvis Parsley
A trooper asks a sergeant: - Is it true that man descended from a monkey? - Yes troopers possibly were. But not sergeants.
""Food expiration dates are lies. It's all about control."" My knife breaks as I cut into a plate of milk. ""I'm saving this for later.""
My 3yo: Help I dropped a coin in the toilet come and get it out. Me (looks): I can't see anything in there. 3: That's because I flushed.
The local cemetery has been really popular lately People are dying to get in.
""Donald says he wants to run for President and move on into the White House... ...why not
How do you get a fly out of the kitchen? Shit in the living room
Why did the guitarist get thrown in jail? He was caught fingering A Minor.
Her: I love it when we finish each other's Him: pancakes
To avoid a collision I ran into the other car.
[commercial for tupperware] Are you done with that food, but would rather throw it away in 3 weeks rather than right now? - Tupperware
What the hell is almond milk? Almonds don't have titties
How does a feminist know she's overweight? She doesn't
Why won't Derek Zoolander vote for Hillary Clinton? Because he can't turn left.
I told my wife my secret to losing 50 pounds in 1 minute. I buy everyone a round at the pub.
So a horse walks into a bar... The bartender says, ""Why the long face?"" The horse responds, ""They wouldn't renew Sex and the City for another season.""
A pig, trying to save its life. After seeing a grill in the garden, the pig started to bark at strangers!
Whats Hitlers least favourite pokemon? Pikajew!
want to hear a NBA joke? Kyrie Irving starting in the all star game
""No, I didn't forget your gift"" *digs in purse ""Got you this hairspr..I need that. Got you this keyring"" *removes keys
four years ago I asked out the woman of my dreams. Today I asked her to marry me!!! She said no both times.
What do you calla person that inherits a lot of money? A millionheir.
""Every cloud has a silver lining."" - Terribly inaccurate meteorologist
Nothing worse than wasting a good mood by being around family.
And then Satan said, ""save time ~ respond to her text with a K.""
Honey, what is the name of that German that hides things around the house? Alzheimer grandma, Alzheimer!
Guy: I don't deserve you. Girl: Awwwww...you're so sweet... Guy: I don't mean that in a good way.
Shit happens. Just flush the toilet and move on.
""there's only one thing to do when you're Zero Dark Thirsty"" *Navy Seals bust in and toss Bin Laden a Coke Zero, he pounds it in like 5 sec*
Two Wrongs Don't Make A Right But two Wrights make an airplane
Old tourist joke German tourist arrives at a French airport. Immigration officer asks him: ""Occupation?"" The German replies: ""No, no, just visiting.""
What do women and turds have in common? The older they are, the easier they are to pick up.
What is the best thing to wear with a Michel Jackson jacket? Your Billie Jeans
Why is the founder of Comcast going to purgatory? He met St. Peter at the pearly gates and St. Peter said was, ""Please hold. Your soul is very important to us.""
What does a vegan zombie eat? Graaaaaaaaaaains
What do you call a funny jar of sauce Lmayo
*stares into wormhole* Whoa man, cool. *gets slapped by worm* Pervert! *worm wiggles away*
""I like every kind of music except country"" -teens who are into hip-hop, classical, barbershop quartets, celtic music, big band, and chants.
Writing a personal ad. So far I have: Has all own teeth
[overhears guy saying economy is bad] [later, at family dinner] no trust me, the last thing you want is an economy. those things are so bad
Chuck Norris doesn't churn butter. He roundhouse kicks the cows and the butter comes straight out.
Fuck you, Mike's. It's not ""Lemonade for Grownups" it's Beer for Babies.
Two elderly men are lounging on the porch of the Socialist Nudist Club, and one says to the other.... ""Say old chap, have you read Marx?"" ""Why yes. It's these bloody wicker chairs!""
When there are no volunteers, they get appointed.
I'll have a whiskey please. ""Ma'am, this is McDonald's."" Sorry, a McWhiskey.
Ebola is in Dallas? At least the Dallas Cowboys don't have to worry about it. They can't catch anything.
Everything is funnier... Everything is funnier when you're not allowed to laugh. *holds a giggle in* [http://minestatus.co/post.php?id=630]
I wish I was poor one day in my life... Because being poor everyday sucks...
The NHL's ability to punish players.
Why did the Mexican push his wife off the building? Te-quil-a
New bum For my birthday, I'm asking for a new bum. My old one's got a crack in it
Einstein made a theory about space... It was about time too.
I got my car crime-colored. It's black on black.
Did you hear about the suicidal comedian? He fell flat.
Think About It... What do you call a grizzly bear with no teeth?
My ex got run down by a bus today. I thought ""Wow, that could have been me!"" But I can't drive a bus.
This Facebook is my serious account. The funny one is my bank account.
You know you are successful when ... Girls from school who ignored you on facebook back in the day all of a sudden want to add you on linkedin.
The problem with cuddling in bed with your true love is that iPhones don't cuddle back.
Having sex with children is fucking tight.
Q: What can a goose do a duck can't and a lawyer should? A: Stick his bill up his ass.
If it talks like a duck, walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, then you gotta ask yourself Why the fuck is there a duck in my room?
A fish swam into a wall... Dam.
How did the rednecks find their sister? Pretty good.
My penis was in the guinness book of world records! And then the librarian told me to take it out
A man goes to a bar with his autistic girlfrien, what happens next is mindblowing... Really guys ? Again ? This is the 3rd clickbait joke today
What do kids yell at old people who are just trying to play? GET OFF MY LAN!
He died doing what he loved. He didn't know she was married.
The legal system is like bleach, Works perfectly for whites, but not with colors.
What happened when the two angels got married? They lived harpily ever after! 
What did one butt cheek say to the other? If we pull together, we can stop this shit.
9 out of 10 therapist agree to just be yourself The other one realizes that's what got you into this shit in the first place.
I like to hangout with people that make me forget to look at my phone.
Just spent $243.57 at the grocery store so the check out girl didn't think I was just buying KY and condoms.
How do people not know how to say their ABC's backwards. It's 3 fucking letters.
Best worst pick up lines? Anything and everything. ""Hey, how much does a seal weigh?"" "" I dunno?"" ""Just enough to break the ice.""
The Huffington Post just did a fascinating piece on the 9 Greatest Single-Digit Numbers of All Time.
I hate how people treat amputees differently. Just because they're missing a limb or two doesn't make them any less of a person.
How many times should you try starting your snowblower before you realize it's not going to start? According to my neighbor it's 458 times.
My asian friend told me a hilarious joke today... Unfortunately, I had reddit be-4chan.
Why don't Germans play games with new players? Because they don't want to wreck Danubes.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer today They must have been laced or something cause I've been trippin all day.
What is a Stealth Bomber's favourite Banana in Pajamas? B-2
I want to be the reason you look down at your phone and smile. Then walk into a pole.
I hate when people talk to me while I'm using the restroom, the other day, this guy was all like ""Sir this is a display model at Home Depot""
I'm scared that the mob is looking for me I've been getting a lot of emails from Don Otreply about bill payments.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? ""How do you breathe through that thing?""
A pedophile, a rapist, and a Catholic priest walk into a bar... He orders a drink.
What do you call a homeless orphan? Depressing
What sound does a 747 make when it bounces? boeing boeing boeing
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic ocean with the Titanic? Half way.
It's goofy when people pretend to zip their mouth closed to indicate keeping a secret. ""Your secret is well guarded... behind a zipper""
The escalator at the gym is broken, this is BULLSHIT.
Ford should create an 8-cylinder Fusion model It would be a V8 Fusion
What does M.Night Shyamalan always order when he goes out for ice cream? A large twist cone.
""So, do you play any instruments?"" Me: *slaps knees for 30 minutes straight without breaking eye contact*
Hillary Clinton's recent case of pneumonia just goes to show There's only one candidate who can dodge a draft.
Poop jokes are great, But sometimes they're slightly corny.
Right now, someone is wearing cargo pants and getting away with it. I can't even concentrate on my book.
?Police Navidad / Police Navidad / Police Navidad, usemos mace y brutalidad?
So a dyslexic man walks into a rab.
I was thinking about becoming a Muslim, I met a guy online that told me I could get a free vest if I signed up.
What do you call a dumb seal? An imbeseal
Adele joke Why the chicken cross the road? To say Hello from the other side
town of terrorism joke https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qi_tTBfYQlI&amp
Which southeast Asian drink is more popular, the iced tea or the coffee? Neither. It's a Thai.
Why you cannot think of landing a job or business without internet? No connection
I can't remember this joke. This joke had a sadist, masochis, murderer, rapist, and some other guys all talking about what they were going to do to a cat. Does anyone know what I'm talking about?
Les Miserables was pretty good but I wish I'd had some kind of warning that everyone in it would be so unhappy.
You are what you eat? *eats Natalie Portman*
What's better than breaking the seal on a bottle? breaking the seal on a rock.
i never dreamed that little pictures on a screen would feel like friends... yet here i am.
What did the rubber band factory worker say when he was fired? Oh snap!
Someone tweeted today that they were ""29-ish"" and I didn't know you could ""ish"" 15 years.
Sushi A bumped into Sushi B on the road one day. What did Sushi A said to Sushi B? Wasaaaabi!
What's a cats favourite alcoholic drink? Whiskers on the rocks
What's the difference between a brick and an MRA? Bricks get laid.
Your momma's so fat Newt Gingrich wants to send astronauts to colonize her.
""Do you want to see a nice clock?"" I said, lowering my trousers, ""That's not a clock!"" She exclaimed when she saw my dick... It will be when you put two hands and a face on it!
I asked the guy sitting next to me if he had any Sodium Hypobromite... He said NaBrO.
Why did the redneck drive his pickup truck over the edge of a cliff? -- He wanted to test out his new air brakes.
What do you do when your suicidal friend asks for a hi-five? You leave him hanging....
What do you call a short Mexican? A paragraph
Foreplay in an elevator... Taking going down, to a whole new level I'm bad i know...
Operator: ""9-1-1 please hold..."" Me: ""Ok. Hey, stop stabbing me for a second."" Murderer: ""K.""
4:*calls thing wrong name Me:*corrects him 4:*repeats wrong name Me:*corrects him 4:*maintains eye contact and repeats wrong name slowly
I put my slacks on just like everyone else, from a waterslide into the loving yet frighteningly powerful arms of my pet minotaur Ferdinand
Where can you go to send a soul to heaven? An abortion clinic.
How many friendzoned guys does it take to change a light bulb? None, they'll just keep complimenting it and get mad when it doesn't want to screw.
Two pedophiles are sitting on a park bench... ...when an 11 year old walks by. One turns to the other and says, ""I bet he was pretty hot back in the day.""
I asked my grandfather for sex advice. He said, ""Slow down, you're going too fast.""
Hillary will give her concession speech... Since somebody paid her $250,000 speaking fee.
Why are cowboys uncircumcised? So they have a place to put their chewing tobacco when they eat.
Is a Rhino Liner something you wear in your underpants when you have the Rhinovirus?
I have coffee before looking at art. Brews before hues.
My friend said they didn't want to die abroad... But I thought they already were one?
I've been saving up for a sex change, I don't care what my wife says. SHE'S GOING TO HAVE IT!
I want to be cremated... So I can finally have a smoking hot body!!
My friend is an idiot. Both of us spot a gorgeous woman standing about 30 feet away. Friend: What should I do? Me: Court her. Friend: Dude, I don't have any change...
Chuck Norris can kick through all 6 degrees of separation, hitting anyone, anywhere, in the face, at any time.
What's the difference between a USB and the USA? One connects to all your devices and accesses your data, the other is a harware standard.
What's a horrible icebreaker? The titanic
I remember back in the day when you had to roll up a tiny scroll and give it to a falcon to tweet
Got kicked out of Bed Bath & Beyond today for drawing pictures of Drake on their blankets, so they'd be extra soft.
Why don't Game of Thrones characters tweet with Twitter? They were ravin' with Raven.
Whats the difference between a hospital and a terrorist stronghold? I dunno I just fly the drone.....
Went to the doctor's office for my flu shot. He promised it wouldn't hurt... Insensitive prick.
I had a near-life experience...I nearly quit Facebook.
A really effective car insurance ad would just show pics of Lindsay Lohan and Amanda Bynes and say: Because these girls have licenses.
Q. Which area of Palestine was especially wealthy? A. The area around the Jordan. The banks were always overflowing.
I haven't spoken to my wife in 8 days because she hates it when I interrupt her
Hubby's head seems like it's almost twice the size of mine. We are never having children.
How does Bran Stark get into a whorehouse? Hodor.
Why would you pay $80 for a bra at Victoria's Secret when I can hold your boobs up all day for free.
Set my phone to change K to Okay!! so I don't look rude. Now it looks like I'm all excited about stupid shit, and I'm Okay!! with that.
Did you hear about the banana thief? He's appealing his sentence
I have good looking kids. Thank goodness my wife cheats on me.
Why when you spill red wine on a carpet do you take the stain out with white wine? Because more alcohol is the solution to all problems.
The Apple Watch may become so addictive it keeps people from looking at what's truly important in life, like their iPhones.
My girlfriend just admitted she used to be a Christian, so I broke up with her. It might seem judgemental, but I have only known her since she was Christine.
I look ugly without glasses.. Even though I've never worn glasses in my life.
Q. Why is gettig a blowjob from Joan Rivers like Going over Niagara Falls on a tightrope? A. They can both be life-enhancing experiences....unless you look down.
Nicki Minaj washes off her Halloween make up to reveal Lady Gaga who washes her face to reveal Madonna who washes her face to reveal an Emu.
""We're sorry that password won't work we require mixed case numbers symbols and a small goat sacrifice.""
Why can't a bike stand on its own ? Because it's two tired.
Finally decided on my thesis paper. It's a LOTR themed essay in defense of Sauron Titled ""Getting away with Mordor""
Ever hear that story of the guy who scaled a building with only suction cups? Well he certainly was a **pane** to catch!
""can i smoke in here?"" ""sure go ahead sir"" ""thanks"" *lights scented candle* ""can i scatter rose petals in here?"" ""erm- ""can i dim the lights
Just once I want to see a new parent post a baby photo on Facebook with the words: ""Still not sure if we like it, tbh.""
My father suffers from short term memory loss I hope it doesn't run in the family because my dad has it.
Why did the sperm cross the road..? I accidentally put on the wrong sock today....
I like my women like I like my sliced meat... Artificial with a bit if fat around the edges.
You guys got any good old jokes (example inside) Example: Did you go to school by horse? I like to mess with my tennis teacher, he is over 50 and he gives it right back to me by how bad i play.
What is a goal keepers favourite snack ? Beans on post !
What do call groups of the 5 most dangerous animals? A troop of gorillas A shiver of sharks A streak of tigers A band of Indians And a gang of niggers.
What does Bill Clinton say to Hillary after sex? I'll be home in 20 minutes.
Due to controversies over child labor in China, Apple has recently had to lay off thousands of people due to loss in sales... They fired the kindergarteners and half the first grade.
Why can't the pirate get to any subreddits? He keeps typing /arrr/
My mom never liked Bill Cosby's jokes. She says they put her to sleep.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
I'm pretty sure our nanny's grandmother has died like seven times now......
You know you've overplayed Mario Kart 64 when the next morning you Instinctively swerve to avoid a banana skin on the road.
""Give me your Vitamin Water and your organic gluten-free cookies unless there's peanuts in them because I'm allergic."" - 2012 school bully
4 Jewish women go out for dinner When the waiter checks on them during their meal he asks ""is anything okay?""
How do make a woman blind? Stick a car windshield in front of her face.
What do you call a tube with a degree? A graduated cylinder.
I'm going to tell you a pizza joke actually never mind it's too cheesy.
Chemistry joke thread? I'll start: I was at -273.15C one time. It was OK. What do you do with a dead chemist? Barium I'm sorry guys there really are no good chemistry jokes: all the good ones argon.
What's the difference between eugenics and a charity marathon? The second one is a race for the cure. Source:http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=3180
All women have an hour glass figure - it's just that they all tote around different amounts of sand.
Why are there no penguins in Britain? They're scared of Wales.
What do Asians do when they have an erection? They vote
I discriminate against people who lose digits on their feet to frostbite. I guess you could say I am lactose intolerant.
What's the hardest thing about skydiving? The Ground
My pastor asked me how I view lesbian relations. Apparently ""In HD"" wasn't the right answer.
Botanists should run the fashion industry... ...they really have style.
Don't play pocket hockey... the referee is a dick!
My future's so bright that I have to wear lampshades like an injured dog.
An obese man was standing naked in front of his doctor He said ""Doc. I haven't seen my dick in 3 years"". Doctor said ""Then why don't you diet?"" The fat man replied ""What color is it now?""
What happened in Vegas stayed in Vegas, & now my brother has to send what happened child support. :/
I like my enemies how Americans like their tea Weak.
What's the Russian word for Internet outage? Internjet
me: ""why was she called the little mermaid, she was 5ft7?"" therapist: ""i meant anything bothering you about your marriage keith""
I got in touch with my inner self once... Never buying single ply toilet paper again.
A morbid joke If serial killers kill people in series, are suicide bombers parallel killers?
If all the animals on the equator were capable of flattering Then halloween and thanksgiving would fall on the same day
Can't wait for the next Jason Bourne movie. I heard he becomes a Christian and starts a church for ex-treadstone agents... It's called Bourne Again
If you watch COPS backwards it's just a bunch of people overcoming miraculous obstacles to win free drugs
A Jewish boy ask to borrow a $20 from his father. His father replies, ""$10?!?! What on earth do you need $5 for!
What do anal sex and bungee jumping have in common? If the rubber breaks, you're in the shit.
What is the most important use for cowhide?  To hold the cow together.
PET PEEVE: Why do we call them baby names? They're HUMAN NAMES. They don't expire as you grow up.
Why is it a long and expensive process for fruit to get married They just cantelope
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard &amp
""Gunman"" is too cool-sounding. Can we start calling them something that conveys weakness, like ""pistoleer?""
TV that gets louder to compensate for when you are chewing.
What did the surgeon say when the doctor declined going out after work? Suture self!
How much did the pirate charge for corn? He sold them for a buccaneer.
I popped into Tesco last night to get some oxo cubes but couldn't see any on the shelf, they must be out of stock!
Jokes about stuttering are a big big no no
how to you circumcise a red neck uppercut his sister
Women wake up yawning and men with an erection. Coincidence? I think not.
Why are men so smart while having sex? Because they are plugged into a fucking know-it-all.
How do cops get rid of flies? They call in a S.W.A.T. team
What's a four letter word for ""a butt load of fun""? Anal
Why did the girl reject the landfill owner? His place is a dump
Have you guys heard about the new store called moderation? *They have everything there!*
What happens to deposed kings? They get throne away.
My boss asked if I had any special skills so I put my hand under my armpit to make fart sounds. We laughed and now I'm clearing out my desk
Q: Did you hear about the blonde who hijacked a submarine? A: She demanded $200000 and a parachute.
What song do isis members play during executions Burn baby burn
Therapist: So what happened in your last relationship? I lost him to addiction. Therapist: I'm so sorry. Drugs? Yes please.
What do you call a hippopotamus with an STD? A herpepotamus.
sir do u know why I pulled u over? ""actually yes officer I do, im a psychic. but DO YOU know why you'll beat me with your club in 1 minute""
When someone says Jesus was a virgin ...I have to laugh. How about that one time he got nailed by a bunch of Romans?
Why are Eskimos always alone? Because they like being ice-olated
My life story is just like ""Eat Pray Love"" but without the last two.
A man walks into a zoo, the only animal in the entire zoo is a dog. It was a shih tzu
Looking up at his wife, he asked, ""Honey, Do I have trouble making up my own mind?""
""Ebola"" is trending on Twitter... ...does that mean it's gone viral?
What do Princess Diana and Pink Floyd have in common? Their last great hit was the wall.
Children's laughter can be a wonderful thing Unless its 2AM and you don't have any kids.
My internet was down for almost 4 mins, I'm ok but the 911 operator was a total b**ch about it!
If you're the guard at a Samsung store ... Does that make you the guardian of the galaxy?
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? That is a trick question, feminists can't change anything.
A better world I dream of a better world where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned.
Went to shave my beard but decided not to, the longer I keep it, the more it grows on me. Sure this is old but actually thought this the other day.
Why is chili so annoying? Because it's always Jalopeno business.
Kinky = using a feather. Perverted = using the whole chicken.
Who's the greatest baller of all time? Pontius Pilate, he once crossed a guy up so bad he died
If you are what you eat... Then i really am an innocent little girl.
Why the fuck did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays. Hahah get it? arrays(a raise?) No..? :(
[galileo's wife walks in] *quickly pointing the telescope from the neighbor's window to the sky* i was just studying the... phases of venus.
In my free time I help blind children I usually find throwing pencils is the most efficient method
My dog swallowed my engagement ring last night, but luckily coughed it out when he barked. There was a diamond in the ruff.
Drink triple. See double. Act single.
Whenever you're having a bad day, think of the guy who has to put the circus tent back in its bag.
Good news, insomniacs! Only 1 more sleep 'til Christmas!
Why did Hitler kill himself? Because he saw his gas bill.
Why are there so many women archaeologists? Because women love digging up the past.
Guy having sex says ""damn, there should be a law against sex this good"" To which the girl replies ""I think there is daddy""
College spelled backwards is ""egelloc""... ...which makes no sense just like everything i've learnt in college
What's your best haiku?
If you and I are still single in 200 years let's agree to haunt a Burger King as a singular entity.
Apparently a teen in Brazil died after jerking off 42 times without stopping. So...41 guys...that's the limit.
My daughter: I know everything Me: What's the capital of brazil? My daughter: that's a secret
Life without women would be... a pain in the butt!
This is the only comment you should be leaving on porn sites: ""Why are you doing this? Please come home. Your mother and I are heartbroken.""
What does 'J' stand for in Donald J Trump? 'Genius' (This joke was stolen from CharlieDarwin2)
It doesn't take much to be a president... ... a liter of the country.
Naming yo dick 'Pain' for emo chicks cuz they are suckers for pain...
A man with a gun enters a bar... ...""Who had sex with my wife?"" he snarled. A muffled voice heard in the background said, ""You don't have enough bullets for that mate.""
How do you know if you have an underbite? When your eating pussy and it tastes like shit
Whats the difference between a suicide bomber and a hooker..?? Nothing.. They like to blow..
Doctor: Your baby is 7 pounds! Me: So that's like, what, three dollars?
What's the best part about being a mute? It goes without saying...
Which professional tennis player masturbates the most? Andy Rawdick
I keep my porn in the oven! My wife will never find it there!
I told my wife she would look sexier with her hair back... She was pissed! Apparently that's a insensitive thing to say to a cancer patient.
My bank is really proud of me. They keep calling to tell me I have an outstanding balance.
Whenever I'm naked in the bathroom, the shower gets turned on.
What do you call a dead baby hanging on a wall? Art
*shows up to salsa lessons with tostitos* haha what the heck are you idiots doing
The only good thing to ever come out of Oklahoma: An empty greyhound.
What did one tower say to the other? I've got a plane to catch
surprise your partner in the bedroom by loudly turning into a helicopter
Want to hear a dirty joke? Mud!
eer booze and fun!' '""Didja hear the news?""  asked Keenan of his pal at the saloon. ""Harrigan drank so much his wife  left him!""  ""Bartender! Give me six boilermakers!!""
You have so much potential But no kinetic energy, therefore you will never go anywhere in life.
I've decided to sell the vacuum... It's just collecting dust. Credit to Codsworth
why was the broom late for work? he overswept!
Why did he do that? Who is she? What does that mean? When did that happen? Why? How? I need to go to the toilet. - Child, at the cinema
I always wondered why cross eyed people never get hit crossing the road. Then it hit me. They are always looking both ways.
TIL that semantics is a contraction of ""Semite Antics"" That's not true, I made that up just now. You are a racist.
I understand that t-shirt guns exist but what about shooting pants at people? This seems useful too
PornHub recently had videos featuring Chyna on the front page and I decided to check some of them out... ...they weren't the finishing move I was looking for.
The GF goes away for 10 days, *shits going to get wild * sleeps in middle of bed
What do you get when you pour hot water down a rabbit Hole? A Hot Cross Bunny
You're riding a horse, a giraffe is running next to you and a lion is chasing you. What do you do? Get your drunk as off the carousel.
Joke about jokes. I've never told this joke, but I have written it once.
What did the pony say when he sang with a sore throat? Sorry, I'm just a little hoarse!
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway bag? You take the f out of ""safe"" and the f out of ""way"".
Give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day... Teach a man to fish and he'll put you out of work.
The punchline came early What does this joke have in common with me the first time I had sex?
April Fool's Day pregnancy jokes stopped being fun when my parents started getting excited instead of scared.
""And why do you want to work at the aquarium?"" * imagines me with a mermaid tail swimming in the giant tank after hours* I like fish
How do Malaysian airlines serve all their drinks? On the rocks
Yes officer, I did hit a pedestrian, but instead of dwelling on that why not focus on how many I've missed?
Coming soon to NBC: She's a lawyer who, you guessed it, doesn't play by the rules. And he's a doctor who, right again, pees sitting down.
Like my Uncle used to say, the best part of Twenty one year olds... ...is there's twenty of them.
I think my neighbor is stalking me as she's been googling my name on her computer. I saw it through my telescope last night.
Why did the condom cross the road? Because he was pissed off.
Incest! A game for the whole family
Cheap 1st Date Ideas: Get some matching Red Polo shirts & hang out in a Target. Give terrible info to inquisitive costumers.
Boss made me put a nametag over my left bosom. I leaned over and said, ""Now, what shall we name the other one?""
What did the chef say when he ruined the soup with too many herbs? ""Well, this was a waste of Thyme.""
My wife was excited after my vasectomy. She said it was a load off of her chest.^.(stole ^off ^imgur, ^sowwie)
What did the polygamist horse get on his wedding night? A double bridle
There are two good reasons never to drink water from the toilet. No 1 and No 2s!
What's the difference between bruce banner and bruce jenner? One turned into a terrifying monster, the other is an avenger.
About to finish my second book of the day! And when I say book, I really mean magazine. And when I say magazine, I really mean pizza.
Why are DJ's so bad at fishing? Because they're always dropping the Bass.
What should you do if you're cold? Stand in the corner, because it's 90 degrees.
I used to have a rabbit farm. It was a hare raising experience.
Why did the rich man go crazy? He had one-million dollars, but no cents.
Choose your pet name wisely because you'll be yelling it out in your neighborhood if you lose them. *uses falsetto voice* MR. SMOOCHES!!
Wanna Hear a Corny Joke? no??? Awww Shucks
What does an alcoholic nun have? A bad habit.
Lawrence starts cooking Lawrence checks Twitter Lawrence smells smoke Lawrence Fishburne
For Christmas last year I got a sweater. This year I'd prefer a moaner or a squirter.
What do you call an angry pastry? A croissant
Q. How did a blind woman drive herself  crazy? A. Trying to read a stucco wall.
black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder... the bartender says ""where did you get that?"" parrot says ""africa, where else?""
Sloth 911: What's your emergency [1 week later] Sloth: I'VE BEEN SHOT [1 week later] Sloth 911: DON'T MOVE! We'll be there in a month
My friend and I went to a guitar clinic recently. He really seemed to be into it. I guess it struck a chord with him.
A friend was complaining about how hard it is to cook eggs sunny side up... I told him to put a lid on it.
What does a Jew do to make them love Christmas? Install a parking meter on the roof.
The Great White Whale just unveiled a sculpture of the Rolling Stones frontman made of mud brick... Moby Dick's Adobe Mick.
Drinking non-alcohol beer is like to eat out your own sister: the same taste but something is wrong
1. Sit down next to stranger on park bench. 2. Place an envelope beside him. 3. Whisper, ""It has to look like an accident."" 4. Walk away.
What does the twin towers and genders have in common? There used to be two and now it's offensive to talk about.
What are ants called when they run away very fast to get married? Ant-elopers.
What do you call an unemployed Rastafarian?? Jah-Bless!
*scrolls ur TL* *finds ur tweet from 2 yrs ago.* *eerily similar to mine from day before* ""She stole my tweet AND built a time machine?!""
I like my women like I like my coffee... Ground up and in the freezer
At least a zombie would love me for my brain.
In solidarity with peaceful Muslim communities around the world, I believe America should finally elect it's first Muslim president to a third term.
u guys like coachella? u know who else was in a desert with people who didn't shower? Moses. hi i'm your new youth pastor Keith
What did the fancy cat say when he wanted to leave? Le meow
Don't expect me to tweet between 8 & 9 pm because that's when I dress like Madonna for an hour and dance provocatively in front of my pets.
Elephants Did you know an elephant's sexual organs are in its feet? if they step you, you're fucked!
People need to stop judging a person by their appearance. Just because i have food stains on my shirt that doesn't mean i have kids.
What's sometimes white, sometimes red and sometimes brown? My dick.
Judging by your selfie, I can't help wonder why your mother didn't try & sell you to a circus when you were younger.
What do you call it when two female spies fall in love? Lesbianage
... Q.) Why would a blonde wear green lipstick? A.) Because red means Stop.
I like winter.. ..it's cooler than summer
STOP TELLING ME YOUR NEWBORN'S WEIGHT AND LENGTH I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH THAT INFORMATION.
Policeman: How can you drive so  recklessly? Driver: I have to this is a getaway car.
Stoners are gearing up to do on 4/20 what they do every other day of the year.
Reckless driving, pot allegations and cop visits, Justin Bieber is a bad wig away from being the next Amanda Bynes.
To apply for a job at Hooters do they hand you a bra and say, ""Here, just fill this out."" ?
How do you get rid of somebody? Give them a ticket for a flight on Malaysian Airlines and hope that they will live up to their reputation!
Twitter updated their Terms of Service. Now it just says ""Abandon Hope All Ye Who Enter Here.""
What is a whale's favorite song? Shout.
Our local council said they are going to get all the coins out of the wishing well and put them into a balloon. Talk about getting everyone's hopes up.
What do you get when you cut an Avocado into 6.02 x 10^23 pieces? a guacaMOLE
How many minutes after someone's fired is it cool to take their stapler?
From John bishops only joking Did you hear about the local blender company? They went into liquidation
What do you call a fat female host of a talk radio show about fishing? A broadcasting broad casting broad.
What's the most dangerous animal in the world? A Bluebird with a Tommy Gun.
A muslim arrives in paradise. He demands his 72 virgins but it turns out there just aren't enough women in heaven. He insists on his virgins. So he's given 72 female babies made in China.
My new boyfriend says the cutest things, like ""Who are you?"" and ""Why are you hiding outside my house?"" and ""My wife is calling the police.""
Good morning babe! Do you like good girls? [Starts making you breakfast] or bad girls [burns the toast] Him: How did you get in my house?
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW? On a porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
I had a Muslim kid in my high school and he was notorious for being late So we called him 9/12
If I believed changing my profile picture could change the world I'd change it to a picture of vending machines that dispense tiger cubs
Why are black people so tall? Because their knee-grows
What's black and brown on the inside and blue and white on the outside? Jail
I feel like a white girl prime number because I ALMOST literally can't even...
Wife told me she wants to have sex in the back of the car... She asked me if I could drive :-(  Credit to Legend Rodney Dangerfield
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow? You can only milk a cow for 10 years.
I bought some shoes from my dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
I always felt sorry for homeless gay people They have no closet to come out of.
I got together with a pig and... I think she's my Sowmate. ( ^ @ ^ )
What's fat, sweaty, and bad at cooking? My ex wife!
What do you call a bolt that dresses like a woman? A cross-threader
I found an alternative to Pokemon GO. It's this new game called Grindr. I haven't tried it yet, but I hear its this thing where you go around, trying to capture bears.
Why does the indian rain dance always work? Becuase they keep dancing until it works.
My hands are really reliable I can always count on them.
How people think Brain: ""You're weird."" Body: ""and you're fat."" Face: ""plus you're pretty ugly"" Food: ""I'm here for you babe...""
What's the difference between a bear and the Bears football team? Nothing, they both shit in the woods.
How Did Harry Potter Get Down The Hill? Walking. Jk Rowling.
A football team should setup a charity that gives presents to children with Down Syndrome ...and call it Touch Downs.
My ex-girlfriend... Bent my car's hood,but it was my fault a little bit too I was just a little bit over the legal speed.
What is the difference between catholic priest and acne? An acne doesn't come on boy's face until he's 13.
Do hairy people get bed head all over? Ma'am, I just called to see if you're happy with your cell phone provider. But probably they do.
Realized it was time to seek help for my Twitter addiction after I opened a carton of eggs and said ""Oh look, 12 new followers!""
Have you heard about Michigan's music scene?? I hear there's a lot of heavy metal in Flint. :^)
A little alien asks his mother... ""Mommy, the kids all say we're aliens from outer space. That's not true, is it?"" ""Vegl dibrogmrn di shtrtl mixtor!""
Even if you disagree with his politics you have to admit that for a second term president he doesn't even look pregnant.
Driving high versus driving drunk: Drunks run stop signs. Stoners stop and wait for them to turn green.
Rock-a-bye-baby is my favorite nursery rhyme about the tragic consequences of putting babies in trees.
The doctors rushed quickly to remove the bullet which was lodged in his artery... But it turns out it was all in vain
[cruising down highway in friend's car with windows down] me: [opens bag of glitter]
Where does Noah store his bees? The ark-hives.
I was speaking to a lad at work called krowski. I asked, ""So are you Polish?"" He said, ""No, my great grandad was."" I said, ""Oh, so you're just a tad pole?""
boy: camp counselor, is it true that in some places they don't wipe after using the toilet? jared: shh... let's not talk while making love.
Baby Shirt Idea: Did 9 months in solitary confinement
What should you do if there is a blackout at night? Call the police, they'll come and shoot it.
What did Bill Cosby call Donald Trump? A rookie.
If we truly become what we mock... ...I think I'm going to start mocking some smarter, more successful people, for a change.
When I open the washing machine lid mid-cycle, I feel like I've entered a party where everybody suddenly stops dancing and stares at me.
Great gift for Trump supporters: Place a bar of soap in their Christmas stocking and beat them with it after they fall asleep
Don't bite the hand that feeds. In fact, don't bite anyone's hand you fucking weirdo.
Manslaughter: The sound a man makes when laughing.
What's the difference between a dead cat and a dead lawyer on the road? The dead cat has skid marks around it.
When a cop pulls you over, never start a sentence with, ""This may be the alcohol talking, but..."" Trust me on this one.
There is only one pretty child in the world... and every mother has it.
What did the Muslim bring to the Holiday party? Falafel and hummus.
Light a fire for a man and keep him warm for a day. Light a man on fire and keep him warm for the rest of his life.
Why doesn't a chicken wear underwear? Because his pecker is on his face!
Where does the General keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? Oh sheet!
What is WILL.I.AM going to be called after he dies? WILL.I.WAS
My only talent is sleeping I could do it with my eyes closed.
Why do Avon Ladies walk funny? Their lipstick.
I am part of the 1% Well, at least my cell phone battery is.
They say the camera adds ten pounds so my girlfriend only needs to lose about four or five cameras before bikini season.
What's an Ancient Roman's favorite sex position? LXIX.
What's everyone's least favorite dish? Cunt Pao Chicken!
I've heard addicts claim that heroin became their ""God"" but... ...they're always taking his name in vein.
How many computer programmers does it take to screw in a light bulb? Oh, wait. That's a hardware problem. [source](http://nerdfighteria.info/video/54/Zrnd63DAH8o)
What is a nickname for any black man? Tripod, because they have an extra leg..
Men are like bank accounts. Without money they won't generate much interest.
Like prison, most don't learn the life of crime till locked up. Like twitter, I learned to creep into houses and quietly eat their cheese.
What do you call a pallbearer from Oklahoma? A Karaoke
I know a great joke about a FedEx plane but it's probably over your head.
Pet Insurance Hey baby. Do you have pet insurance? Because I'm about to destroy your pussy!
Whats grosser then gross? Shoving 12 oysters up your grandmothers vagina and sucking out 13.
Dolls have given us an unrealistic image of women. For example, Russian women do not contain smaller Russian women inside them.
HER: [walks in wearing lingerie] See anything you like? ME: I don't think that will fit me.
I'm planning to adopt a dog soon, it wasn't my first choice but my doctor told me I can't have any biologically.
I used to be addicted to the Hokey-Pokey but I've turned myself around
Why didn't Natalie Wood take a shower on the boat? She wanted to wash up on shore
Just got a blow job in the elevator. It was a pleasure on many levels
There are plenty of fish in the sea. There are also sharks, giant isopods, oil spills, Flight 370, and Somali pirates.
Yo mama so stupid she tried to put her m&ms
Customer: Waiter I found a hair in my turtle soup. Waiter: How about that! The turtle and the hare finally got  together.
My girlfriend steals all the blankets in her sleep and I wake up cold, next to an adorable linen burrito.
There's no harm in Pretending to smoke cigarettes
I always appreciate a good pun, but never geographical ones There's Norway I'd sink Oslo as that
What do you call a blond standing on her head? A brunette with bad breath.
Probably the worst & the best thing about having King Kong go crazy in your town would be the huge, monster genitalia.
What position makes the ugliest children? Ask your parents
If by loves to travel you mean secretly following you every where you go from a safe distance then yes I love to travel.
The English language is bizzare There was a young girl from Slough Who choked on a piece of raw dough But the time she was through With hiccup and cough She woke everyone in the borough
Every now and then, getting lost means finding your way.
Good news everyone! I've found another person who's voice you can hear in your head when reading one single phrase.... AND HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[Soldiers regrouping] Where's Jim? He went M.I.A. *Cut to Jim*  All I wanna do *bang bang bang bang* *reloading noise* And shoot enemies 
Shoutout to my upstairs neighbors who wrestled a large moose last night
Helen Keller walks in to a bar.... Then a table... Then a chair
My wife is like a grape She lets out a little whine.
What star sign is a donut? It's a Taurus!
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue
Did you hear about the restaurant on Mars?? Great food, horrible atmosphere.
So Richard Simmons is getting a sex change. Finally going to be a man...
Why doesn't Shirley Manson change her Facebook relationship status? She's only happy when ""It's Complicated.""
Trains delayed due to: - Wrong kind of sun - Ominous cloud - Slightly damp leaf - Chilly track - Suspicious gravel - Sarcastic swan
""Why do people get plastic surgery? Why can't you just admit that it's over? Stop trying to look fuckable in your 50's."" @MaleHonesty86
Of course, Ludacris isn't his real name. It's Louis D'Cristofferson.
How many x does it take to change a lightbulb? f(x), where f(x) = the optimal number of x for establishing a humorous stereotype.
Me: Did you play video games all day? 9: No Me: What else did you do? 9: I ate lunch
You have to stay in shape. My grandmother  started walking five miles a day when she was 60. She's 97 today and we don't know where the hell she is.
The iCloud leaks weren't an accident at all. It was Apple trying to make up for causing Adam and Eve to have to wear clothes in the first place.
Do girls budget their tears so they don't dehydrate & other legitimate questions
When I call a family meeting I turn off the house wifi and wait for them all to come running.
Yo mama so fat. . . I swerved my car to avoid hitting her and ran out of gas. Edit: TIL Reddit has very strong feelings about my mother.
I am all for women receiving equal rights and lefts!
I went to a drag race yesterday It's amazing how fast men can run in heels.
What's black, white, black, white, black, brown, black brown, black, black, black, black, black? A nun on a spit
""Always wear a pretty bra. The worst case is nobody sees it."" ~ Not an old Irish proverb
Don't judge someone because they sin differently than you.
Why do girls like guys who wear shirts with eight buttons? They fascinate.
got so drunk last night that I ate a salad
If I was Penguin's attorney I'd request bail by saying ""He's no flight risk!"" Then Hi-5 the whole courtroom but Batman. I'd leave him hangin
I bought the wrong kind of compass. Now I'm lost in the middle of nowhere drawing perfect circles.
What road do crazy people take? The Pyscho**path**
While working at a lab, I accidentally put a q-tip that had been exposed to pulmonary tuberculosis in my mouth I consumed consumption.
The annoying moment when I get comfy in bed and realize I forgot to do something.
Why is the mushroom so popular? Because he's such a fungi.
Roses are red... Roses are red Violets are red Trees are red Shit my garden is on fire!
What's a woman's favourite brand of Applejack? Dickson Cider
Why did the hipster... Why did the hipster burn his mouth on the hot coffee? Because he drank it before it was cool.
Women, don't tell us about your boyfriend. He's a guy. We know what he's like.
""God is dead"" - Nietzsche ""Nietzsche is dead"" - God ""I'd like to add you to my professional network"" - LinkedIn
How many Nazis does it take to screw in 6 million lightbulbs? One. The rest were just following orders.
Titanic is my favorite movie about how to get rid of your boyfriend and make it look like an accident.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved at each other.
[about to see a boob for the first time] ""ok, play it cool, play it cool. don't say anything stupid"" [girl removes bra] ""whoopeeee""
Why were the German tomatoes drunk? Because they'd been on the vine.
What did one cannibal say to the other cannibal? I just passed your friend in the woods.
hey look! *picks up a tiny ghost costume off pavement* how cool is thi ew why is it wet? ""dude, that's a condom""
INTERVIEWER to job applicant: ""Do you think you could come up with any reason you want this job other than your parents want you out of their house?""
What's so fragile that even mentioning it breaks it? The male ego.
What is a vampires least favorite food? Steak! ...I'll see myself out now.
An Italian man with spells of amnesia goes into a boutique coffee shop... The barista asked what he wants, and he replies ""Affogato"".
imagine if poop was transparent. I'd completely lose my shit
What do you call a tree that smokes weed? Snoop Log
Contrary to popular belief, it's actually the fat that makes you look fat. It was never the dress
What's the difference between a prostitute and a member of ISIS? One sucks and makes you explode, the other explodes and it sucks
BEYONCE: do u like my album JAY: [thinking to self] if anyone hears this i'll be ruined JAY: [out loud] we should make it a tidal exclusive
I like my women how I like my socks Full of my jizz and forgotten about somewhere
Q. If a blonde and a brunette were falling off a building who would hit the ground first? A. The brunette because the blonde would stop for directions.
My grandfather told me that during the war he was exposed to irritants like pepper spray and mustard gas. Now he's a seasoned vet.
Basic Instinct Star Cast in ""The Carpenters"" Biopic This summer: SHARON IS KAREN
What do Canadian girls have? Boobehs
[my funeral] PRIEST: dearly beloved... *respectful silence from guests* PRIEST: ...and steve ME FROM INSIDE COFFIN: lmao get roasted steve
Nothing more uncomfortable than a girl with a lazy eye looking up at you while giving you head.
A joke I told my friend What's the difference between me and your mom? I'm smart.
*knocks on donation door Me: I have a donation Salvation Army: Ma'am, once again... you cannot donate your man Me: You have stupid rules!
I came to Reddit to read some jokes.. It's on the comment section.
Did you hear the one about the perverted statistician? He couldn't get off on the standard deviation
I bet that Heimlich was just a perv who molested people from behind, and one time accidentally saved someone from choking.
*sees cute girl on sidewalk* nice *she makes eye contact* oh wow *she smiles* is this happening *she's holding a clipboard* god dammit
Whats the best part about fingering a gypsy on her period. You get your palm red for free.
How do I like my eggs? Umm in a cake.
A real man should never wave faster than he SAYS the word ""hey""
if i was a conductor of an orchestra, i would abuse my power by making them warm up to a stirring rendition of ""ice, ice, baby.""
*wife grabs my wrist as I go overboard* Her: You're... slipping... Me: Pretend I'm the covers. *she easily pulls me to safety with one arm*
its illegal to pick beer bottle up off the side of the road they're native artifacts
Why do rabbits always get banned from CS:GO? Because they're always bunny-hopping.
I bought shoes from a second hand shop. They must've belonged to a junkie though because I've been tripping all day.
When I lost my virginity, it was great....... When I finally saw a vagina in real life, it was like meeting a celebrity. I was like ""Oh my god! I've seen all your movies!""
I just read an article on the dangers of alcohol and it scared the shit out of me So that's it. I'm done. No more reading after today
What's the most popular dance in Warsaw? The pole dance.
On the fifth day to election, the public gave to me... Five Gallup polls Four awful choices Three Trump Steaks Two more WikiLeaks And a cache of Clinton emails!
Just been on a diabetes awareness website and it asked me if I accept cookies. Is this a trick question?
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because you stole daddys car! Why you steal daddys car?! (chappie joke I stole from youtube)
I figured out why so many Islamic Terrorists hate Americans. It's because we all have our dicks out for haram babes
Someone told me that wearing glasses would make me look smarter. No one told me you had to wear clothes too.
I want to be so famous... That I can just go as myself for Halloween.
A hindu murderer was diagnosed with cancer He had murdered 7 children and knew he was going to be reincarnated as a moth due to bad karma. So he reposted old jokes on reddit
Don't describe two completely different things as ""apples and oranges"" they're both fruit Say something like ""elephants and crystal meth""
Q: How can you tell when a tenor is really  stupid? A: When the other tenors notice.
What did the mother say to the son after he peed on the toilet seat? urine trouble.
You can tell monopoly's an old game... ...because there's a luxury tax and rich people can go to jail
What I learned from Titanic was that you need to have sex as soon as possilble with the person you like cause you never  know what might happen.
""Hey, did you see that article about cats invading the internet?"" ""Yeah, I reddit.""
I had a race with an Asian today It was a Thai
Trying 2 improve my self image, so I placed a note on my mirror that reads ""objects are smaller than they appear.""
[hospital] *crying* Jim it's your turn to change the baby *picks up baby* -Ok brb *comes back holding a black baby* -I think they're onto us
The Universal Miss award goes to Steve Harvey.
What time is it when five dogs are chasing a cat down the street? Five after one.
Saw a billboard that said: Don't be distracted by driving and texting. Next one said: Don't be distracted by driving and reading billboards.
How Do You Break Up With Your Girlfriend? www.AshleyMadison.com
I gave my Chinese mate some sweets yesterday... He said, oh these are Haribo! Well if you don't like them, don't eat them then.
*opens fortune cookie* there's rice on your face *grabs wifes and opens it* still there *grabs one from next table* I can do this all night
I had a break-through this morning... I should probably buy thicker toilet paper.
""..all the king's horses & all the king's men couldn't get Humpty together again"" *raises hand* What guy thought horses might figure it out?
Barista: got a latte for ""Batman""! Is there a ""Batman"" here? *everyone looks at me* Me [dressed as Batman]: that's not me, my name is Jack
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy? Gang Rape
Glare upon the field where I grow my fucks and see that it is baren Seriously they just won't grow
The sun is going to go out in 4 billion years, and you sit there and act like everything is fine.
*primitive gungans defeat battle droids* *Stone Age ewoks beat elite stormtroopers* *improbable underdog story defeats logic and reason*
My book on tantric sex finally arrived. Damn thing took ages to come.
The guy in the next urinal peed so hard that a little got on me and I thought ""damn this dude is good at peeing""
What do you call a dream about soda? a fanta sea
How do you take a screenshot of a picture of a circumcision? Using the snipping tool
China recently banned girls from eating bananas on live streams... so now the people with hemorrhoids can now get off from girls eating raspberries instead.
How did the raisin have fun at the movies? It took a date....
B OO P Top View, Front View, Side View
What did sushi A say to sushi B? Wassa B.
I downloaded the Pinterest app and now my phone is stuck in a mason jar.
Noah's flood = God clearing his browser history
*joaquin phoenix croses a street adn almost gets hit by a taxi* *mumbles to himsef* cmon man whyd he try to do that. i mean, im joaquin here
I realized that I'm bisexual... When you buy, I get sexual.
My friend sent her photo to the lonely hearts club They sent it back saying they weren't *that* lonely
What's the worst part about going down on a black girl? Cotton mouth
Why is Mike Pence magic? He can turn fruits to vegetables
I had an argument with a Mobius strip the other day. It was very one-sided.
why are Jews so good at studying ? cause they went to concentration camp !
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts cost $1.50, while deer nuts are under a buck.
Today's word is Legs. Spread the word.
Q: Did you hear about the burned down tree? A: It was ash.
Who sends flowers on Valentines Day?  Cupigs!
I am taking a shot for every ""like"" I get on this status. Then again, I'm taking shots whether you bastards like it or not.
Today was... ... the best day of the year
apparently syriza gained a lot of support for a NO vote with a online meme campaign beware of greeks bearing GIFs, i say.
Cat: Meow Me: Hi Cat: Meoww *picks up cat* Cat: Meowww *puts cat down* Cat: Meowwww *feeds cat* Cat: Meowwwww Me: WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I hate being bipolar It's awesome
What does your girlfriend and my garage have in common? I pull out of both of them.
Why did the palm tree win the plant race? It was the first to Sago.
The last person who bought golden oreos at my Neighborhood's Walgreens and realized there was an entire row missing. I'm so sorry..
What do you call someone who belongs in the kitchen? A Chef of course...
Remember when I told you to be yourself? I think we should revisit that.
a self-checkout line with 0 mirrors what a joke
What's the difference between a whore and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking after it's slapped
When people post sad things on Facebook I just want to hug them and whisper softly in their ears, ""no one cares.""
What does a Maple Leads fan do after his team wins the Stanley Cup? He turns off his Xbox and goes back to bed.
The Longest joke in the world (sorry if re-post) it's totally worth it! [7 Page Joke](http://www.stumbleupon.com/su/2a5xwx/truthmafia.com/archives/1554)
Have you guys seen the new Ray Rice's jersey It's a wife beater
What do you call a piano that approves. A piayes.
Tripped over my friends bra... ..she is always setting booby traps!
I like TV, I was watching Blue Peter today He's my neighbour with a heart condition who was walking his dog. I asked why he didn't have a pacemaker. He replied ""I can't even keep up with my dog""...
Codpieces aren't supposed to made out of fish? Crap! Hang on, then, I need to change.
Lately I've found my job, building kitchen work surfaces, to be counter productive.
Me: What's the first step of fire safety? 4-year-old: Stay away from dragons. Me: 4: Me: Well, obviously.
What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute? Your job still sucks! And it sucks *hard*. (   )
When I grow up and have kids... I think I will stay a virgin to set a good example.
Kid: WAAAHH! MY TOY IS BROKEN!! Dad: Nothing a little duct tape won't fix... Kid: mfflr..frrrr..strnnn
What did one lesbian frog say to the other lesbian frog? We really *do* taste like chicken!
Are you guys all right? No, you're all left. (Stolen from a master comedian from x factor)
Life is like a box of chocolate... You never know what you are going to get, but you can be sure that 99% of it will be crap.
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working? Smack that bitch and tell her to get back to work.
Why did Ahmed take his clock to school? He wanted to see time fly
Babe, does this mole look suspicious to you? *Points at mole wearing sunglasses and a raincoat*
Please spare me the agony of listening to your relationship problems if you always end up with the same idiot.
I bought pink cotton but my wife wanted purple Sorry, wrong thread
How do you confuse a jew? Put him in a circular room and tell him there's a quarter in the corner
what did the man say when he saw the chilli that he was about to cut up for his chilli con carne dancing? ""My chilli's gone barmy!!!""
What do you tell your wife with two black eyes? Nothing, you already told her twice.
Some consider Romeo and Juliet a tale of true romantic love... But only if you consider 2 underage kids in a relationship that lasted 3 days causing 2 suicides and 3 murders romantic...
This bum said everyone who gives him $10 gets a ""special"" surprise in the alley. My gut says no......but my heart says its a puppy!
66% of being a woman is just hiding the remote when you're mad
You know how they say if you die in your dream then you will die in real life? In actuality, if you dream of death then Chuck Norris will find you and kill you.
My girlfriend said period jokes aren't funny... So I ended up throwing away 3 pages of jokes i had written about the Victorian era.
Watching Grey's Anatomy teaches me that if I'm really sad, I should walk slowly down a corridor to a Snow Patrol track.
People who don't understand what I'm trying to say are anti-semantics.
Smiling is disencoursged in my country. It isn't illegal but it is frowned upon.
My roommate recently had me added to her insurance. Not what I was thinking of when we spoke about friends with benefits.
How did you get out of Iraq? Iran
Why did the cyclops quit his job as a teacher? He only had one pupil.
A macaroni and cheese based meal assisted a burger thief. The meal was a hamburglar helper.
Q: How many baby sitters does it take to change a light bulb? A: None They don't make Pampers small enough.
I bet the hardest thing about being a gangsta rapper is never being able to really enjoy a scone in public.
New job I recently got a new job assisting a one-armed typist with capital letters. It was shift work
What's another name for a hemorrhoid? A cock blocker
So a bar walks into a guy 's asshole and the guy is like ""Fuck ouch dammit my prostate!""
I'm multi-talented: I can talk and piss you off at the same time.
No LinkedIn, I do not want to display my Twitter on my profile. I would actually like to keep my chances of getting a job above zero.
ME: I wish I could just go back to the good old day FRIEND: don't you mean good old days? ME: no, I just had the one
Best Man speech joke help Hi Everyone, Mu buddy is getting married on Indepedence Day and need some help for a good joke for the speech. I am the best man.
Why was the snowman smiling? ...he saw a snowblower coming up the street.
How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a lightbulb? Let's go ride our bikes!
What do you call a Mexican midget? A paragraph, since he's too short to be an ese.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? 16, one to change the bulb, and 15 to form a support group.
I wanted to date a girl once... but as a server admin I couldn't come out of my shell.
My hit song would be ""Text Me Only""
Realized I never said ""unquote"" after reciting a famous poem in 10th grade. Sorry if you thought everything I've said since is Shakespeare
Can I tell you a joke about the wall? Nevermind you'll never get over it.
What do you do with a Jew with ADHD? Put him in a concentration camp.
FRIEND: Try to relate to her. (Later on Date) ME: *nervously* Can I be your cousin?
It sucks not being miserable enough to bust out a good tweet.
A new prisoner meets Elsa in his new cell... A new prisoner meets Elsa in a cell in the prison. He asks her: ""Why are you here?"" And Elsa answers: ""Because they don't let me go.""
What does a nosy pepper do? Get jalapeno business.
Harambe went to a bar Bartender: What can I get you today? Harambe: May I get a martini? Me: Just ice for Harambe. Harambe: Just ice? Me: Justice for Harambe.
My friend told me to stop singing Wonderwall... ...I said maybe.
Daughter just told me my hair looks good. The request for a ride will be coming in less than 10 minutes.
What is the difference between a Catholic priest and acne? Acne waits untill you are 14 before it comes in your face.
I think the royal baby will be called Diana She'll be crashing into our lives any minute now.
- You got so drunk last night, you were dancing on the table in your underwear!! - Me? In my underwear? You must have left early.
Why is Jennie McCarthy so bad at RPG's? The last time her son had a healing potion he lost 15 IQ Points.
I like to eat at Brazilian restaurants because there will be no hair in the food
The awkward moment when you're wearing Nike's and can't do i
Parenting tip: If your kids are fighting in the back seat of the car, stick your arm over and swing it around a bunch. That'll show em'.
My college bar had a ""Blow your GPA"" drink special night until all the Asian students died...
My internet bride got delivered today, she's the WiFi always dreamed of.
Please. Stop. Tweeting. Stop. Like. Stop.This.Stop. It. Stop. Looks.stop.Like.stop A stop.Telegram.stop so. Stop. Please. Stop!
What do you call a cow with no nipples? Udderly pointless
Apparently Kevin Bacon was killed last night. . . And they're charging the shooter with 6th degree murder. . .
I was shocked to walk in on my son playing with his privates... Those toy soldiers were supposed to be his surprise birthday gift...
What kind of tumors do tough guys get? Heman-giomas
married sext... him: I'll be home soon her: don't you threaten me
I'm writing a horror movie about realizing that I left my phone at home.
A woman marries a man expecting he will change, but he doesn't. A man marries a woman expecting that she won't change, and she does.
What do you have when life gives you melons? Dyslexia.
I think the hardest part about being a cashier is telling the girl buying 3 pregnancy tests to ""Have a nice day""
My mom learning how to use twitter is like the raptors figuring out how to open doors in Jurassic Park.
Pizza places, we don't want cheesy bread. Pizza is cheesy bread.
""Any minute now. Any minute..."" -Lincoln Logs, waiting for a phone call from Hollywood
I can't remember whether I threw a boomerang or not... It'll come back to me.
[Paranormal Investigator shows up at Disney World] Ok, show me this so-called ""haunted mansion""
Last time I got caught stealing a calendar I got 12 months.
Being the President is seriously stressful. Kennedy lost his mind!
Death toll in Orlando club shooting hits 50 Most of the survivors found were in the closet.
I used to be in a band called Blank Cheque. After three years we were still unsigned.
If two lawyers were drowning and you could only save one of them would you read the paper or go to lunch?
The best thing about being productive is going to bed knowing you did something. Or I think that's how productive people feel. I don't know.
[NSFW] Gay dad John: Bill, I just found out that my dad is gay. Bill: Oh? How'd you find out? John: His dick tasted like shit.
mailman: ahhh nothing quite like returning home from a long day delivering m- [gets attacked by his own dog]
Bad news for women: there's a glass ceiling. Good news for women: that's one more thing you get to Windex!
Research shows that, on average, men tend to write longer sentences than women. They don't get periods.
Knock Knock.. Who's there? Knock Knock.. Who's there? Knock Knock.. Who's there? Open the door! I'm the pilot.
Want a pudding pop? I don't give a fuck if you want it or not. Stop crying. You're gonna take this motherfucking pudding pop.
What do you get when a Mexican and Muslim have a child? A kid who loves halalpenos
Kangaroo can jump higher than a house Mostly because houses can't jump
How much do used batteries cost? Nothing, they are free of charge.
So I learned how to count yesterday.... It was as easy as 1, 2, 8
Me to waitress: Do you validate? Waitress: Parking, you mean? Me: No. Like, can I read you some tweets and you tell me if you like them?
A duck walks into a bar... The bartender says ""Hey, your pants are down.""
What do you call a Jamaican gynecologist? A poke-mon! Pls don't hurt me.
What did the bat say to the other bat when he almost flew into a tree? Whoa did you hear that?
How many cops does it take to beat up a light bulb? None. That light bulb fell down the stairs.
How do fish party Seaweed
I was on a first date. ""How many women have you slept with?"" she asked. I said, ""Do you want me to round it to the nearest ten?"" ""Oh, I say. Go on then."" she laughed. I said, ""0.""
It's amazing how few people list ""The Hospital"" as their emergency contact.
Good news: Your wit is really mind-blowing Bad news: It's not my mind that I want blown
You should always buy very high end speakers It's a sound investment
A woman walks into a hospital... for a routine checkup on her pregnancy. The nurse looks at her file and says ""Oh! Twins! Were they spontaneous?"" The woman replies ""No, we had sex first.""
Asked my girlfriend Shanon to tell me which fast food restaurant best describes my dick. She said Chick-fil-A, which was pretty clever, but the correct answer was Wendy's.
Online dating is like a bakery You've got the flakes, the fruitcakes, and the tarts.
What does a black policeman says when he looks in the mirror? Oh shit a cop!
If Gillette made toilet paper, we'd be up to 4 or 5 plys by now.
You think you know all about fractions... But you don't know the half of it.
I bought a bowflex, it's very confusing, how do I muscles? do I eat it? do I eat the bowflex?
What does a two-headed cat say?? Weow!
What did the dog say to the vet that just castrated him? No hard feelings.
Who led the Jews across a semi-permeable membrane? osMoses
My friend just graduated from her ballet course in university. She got a (2:2)
Is it legal for a man to marry his widow's sister?
What do you call a cow's mate? Its significant *udder*.
It's amazing how much us guys complain about women and then we fully trust them with our pen!ses in their mouth.
Why did the turkey cross the road? To prove he wasn't a chicken.
Some guy at a party asked me, ""Who's cheese is on those chips?"" [Fixed] And I said, ""Well, obviously *na-chos*."" Get it? It sounds like '*not yours*' with an accent.
What do you call A Bohemian Lumberjack? ...A *Blogger.* ( I'll see myself out.. :)
Why does a girl who uses chewing tobacco give the best head? Because she's knows what to spit and what to swallow.
What do you call a dead chicken that's haunting your house? A poultrygeist
People who incessantly go on and on about replacing things that taste good with quinoa, please stop
How many skin divers does it take to circumcise a whale? 4 skin divers
wife: ""remember when i said you were too friendly all the time?"" me: [making cup of tea] ""no im not"" burglar: ""two sugars please""
What did the leper say to the prostitute? you can keep the tip
Which blood type was created by mistake? Type O.
TIL if you buy the new MacBook Pro There is no escape.
Grandma keeps staring longingly through the window since it started snowing... ...Maybe It's time to let her back inside.
*guy getting eaten by a shark* Guy: I just wanted to say I'm Vegan. Shark, spitting him out: Wtf man. I had you in my mouth & everything.
Why do slovaks don't like Czechs? They prefer cash.
I was having sex with a girl the other day, I was getting tired so I asked her to go on top... She replied ""you haven't raped anyone before have you"".
I met a Japanese mathematician yesterday Japanese Mathematician: ""Acknowledge my presence, zero"" Me: ""Can you elaborate in mathematical terms?"" Japanese Mathematician: ""Notice me sin(pi)""
Why did the comedian go to doctor? Because the audience gave him the clap
What's the difference between a genealogist and a gynecologist? A genealogist looks up the family tree, a gynecologist looks up the family bush. (Credit to my uncle)
Q: Why didn't the skeleton go to the party? A: He had no body to go with.
Vader: Remove my helmet so I can see you with my own eyes. Luke: OK. Vader: On second thought, don't. I have 30 years worth of hat hair.
Just walked FACE FIRST into a spider's web on my porch. Shoutout to my neighbors who now think I love showing off my frantic break dancing.
What's the most offensive joke you've ever heard?
I'm on pace to see 3.7 million Aflac commercials this college football season.
What did the triangle say to the preacher? Forgive me father for I have sin().
I went by the house I grew up in and asked if I could go in and look around. They said no and slammed the door. My parents can be so rude...
My granddad has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the Edinburgh zoo.
You said I could have my way with you. If you didn't want me to experiment with gas and fire, you should've been more specific.
Finally found out why MTV doesn't do crossover episodes The FCC had some serious problems with ""Pimp my Pregnant 16 Year Old.""
Why did the blonde tip toe near the medicine cabinet? Because she didn't want to wake the sleeping pills!
What did Melania Trump have on her Black Friday shopping list? A copy of everything Michelle Obama had on her list
Why the USA get silver in synchronized diving? Because Steele Johnson always comes second.
Why do beta fish fight each other? Because they're trying to figure out who's the betta fish
Q: How do dogs order eggs at restaurants? A: Pooched.
Would Orlando Bloom? No, but Elijah Wood.
A woman at Wal-mart said she was better than me. I told her to get off her high scooter.
ME: So. You from around here? HER: Yes. You're in my bedroom closet.
People don't approve when I run up to them in the street &amp
I just referred to tongs as 'food tweezers' in case you want to be in awe of my command of the English language.
What do a prison and a concentration camp have in common? In both people don't feel like showering.
SHUT UP. BEES CAN'T SPELL.
The last time I had a conversation about the Hindenburg It went up in flames.
My friend died from eating too much waterfowl I thought he had lived a good, happy life He told me that he was full of Egrets
Two dyslexics run into a bank... and they shout ""Air in the hands mother stickers, this is a fuck up!""
I thought yesterday was going to be pretty boring... But it sure started off with a bang.
Who are the world's fastest readers? The 911 victims. They went through 50 stories in a minute. I'm so sorry
The worst thing about rich people is that I'm not one of them.
Two women are sitting together quietly . . .
What's the darkest joke you know? No limits who can disgust me the most? Best part of fucking 21 year olds? Theres 20 of them
I had a friend who claimed he didn't see race... I didn't believe him until the 5K incident
Sometimes when I'm alone in my room I squat down, grab hold of my ankles and lean forward. Coz that's how I roll.
A hot mess? No, thanks. Sounds sticky and uncomfortable. I prefer my messes like I prefer my revenge: cold and served to someone else.
I am glad ... that everyone reading this is on the same page.
I got picked on in Highschool: I was cut from the football team & failed the cheerleading tryouts on the same day they fired me as principal
How to find out if someone uses two computer monitors: they tell you.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved
Q: What do you call a brunette and three  blondes in a corner? A: You don't you see if you've got 3 condoms.
How many Amish guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One... I mean, they aren't fucking retarded.
What does Sean Connery say when he has to go number 2? ""I've got a shituation""
I bet all this shit started because someone told Trump he couldn't be president and Trump said ""hold my beer, watch this""
What is the difference between jelly and jam? (NSFW) I can't jelly my cock down your mothers throat...
Ever heard of the comedian who died gasping for air after his routine? He joked to death.
Did you know they are making an action movie about the great composers? Arnold Schwarzeneggar says he'll be Bach.
How do you know the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snow Balls
Ikea Meatballs There certainly a sweDISH
How long is a 0 or 1? Just a little bit.
Can we please stop with the holocaust jokes? My grandfather died in a concentration camp. He fell off the guard tower.
On a scale of 1 to 10 How old is your girlfriend?
I'm Absolutely Certain by R. U. Sure
Sorry, I'm out of my mind at the moment, please leave a message and I'll get back to you as soon as possible. 
Why did the cows keep returning to the field of marijuana? It was the pot calling the cattle back.
Math jokes never work on me I have trouble differentiating them. They aren't an integral part of my life and most of the time they just don't add up.
I saw your wife cheating on you. Sure? What was she wearing? A white and gold dress. Uff, what a relief, she was wearing a black and blue one.
Did you hear about the sale of lesbian beds at IKEA? No nuts or screwing
My girlfriend hired a midget to play the keyboards at my birthday party I think she misunderstood me. I did not say I wished I had a 12 inch pianist.
The milk in my fridge is so old it thinks Elvis Presley's dancing is inappropriate.
Some Muslim extremists just rammed a boat into the Thames Barrier. Experts believe it's the start of Ramadam.
An old man shuffled slowly into an ice cream parlor. He ordered a banana split. The waitress asked, Crushed nuts? No, he said. Arthritis.
When does the narwhal bacon? Not on January 18th.
My daughter just said, ""Daddy, you're good looking & not fat like other dads."" She's only 10, but we're headed to the BMW dealership now.
Q: How do convicts get drugs while they're in prison? A: Some asshole brings 'em in.
What do you call an Asian lady with a Mixmaster on her head? Brenda
How do hipsters measure weight? In Instagrams.
A woman lights a cigarette after intercourse ""Do you ever smoke after sex?"" she asks her husband. ""I've never checked.""
On this day in 1947 Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier, whereas Obama did nothing for America in ALL of 1947.
When I awoke from the accident and they told me my fingers were broken... it was hard to grasp.
Why couldn't the skeleton pay his bus fare?  Because he was skint.
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine &amp
The glittery vampire from Twilight is putting out an album. In other news, real musicians continue to play for coins in the subway.
Sir it would appear that you have sugar poisoning ""You mean Diabetes?"" Ooh look at me, I'm a patient that knows all the diseases ooh
What do you call a guy with no arms &amp
No thanks, newborn babies of literally any species on planet Earth. Come back when you're less pink & rubbery & can loan me thirty dollars.
The fact that crocodile ate your enemy, does not make him your friend.
fart liner ""Did you hear what that asshole said?"" ""No, What?"" ""Oh Shit!""
thousamds of yrs ago i used up mankind's only wish & got peas placed on this earth. all the wars coud hav been prevented if i hadnt mumbled
You know a girl is mad when she starts off her sentence saying, ""I just find it funny how..."" because there's a 99.9% chance she did not find it funny.
Me: are you serious? GF: yes I can't take it anymore, you're too unpredictable Me: [wearing a different shirt] what are you talking about?
Yo mammas so fat When she fell in the grand canyon she got stuck in between
How do you kill a one-legged fox? You make him run across Canada...
How do you know someone went to Harvard? They tell you.
Whats long brown and sticky? A stick
What is the most inappropriate thing to say to someone who just lost their job? You had one job.
Why do black men hate posting on reddit? Because they can't deny that their comment was the parent.
[phone rings in 1984] ""Eric get the phone"" Hello? ""Tell em I'm not home."" She's not home. ""Ask who it is."" My mom wants to know who this is.
After Babe Ruth died, the world became ruthless.
What is the meaning of trust? A cannibal giving you a blowjob
What's the difference between my porn stash and Call of Duty? One is full of screaming 10 year old boys and the other is Call of Duty.
A man walks into a bar He says ""ouch!""
Which Spanish superhero has three wives? Amor-Man
I can odd. But I can't even.
2 Part Fish Joke What did the fish say when he ran into the wall? Dam. What did the fish's friend say when he ran into the wall? Dumb Bass
What do you call a cow that doesn't produce milk? An udder failure
Why was the blond late on her first day of work? Because she stopped taking the pill about a month earlier.
Why did the photographer get arrested? He was charged with shooting kids and framing the parents.
Her: What's your fantasy? Me: Sexy nurse! H: Meet me in the bedroom. [10 minutes later] *we both come in wearing nurse costumes* M: Uh.
So I asked my North Korean friend how's life there He said he can't complain
If I ever visit Japan, the first thing I'll do is run through those paper walls pretending I'm the Kool-Aid man.
JOKE: How does a woman go about inventing a lightbulb? She gives birth to a son.
I have determined that the origin of monkeys on earth must be Neptune... ...because it is the ape planet in our solar system!
You know you're married when you find her sexier with clothes on.
Q: what did one ass cheek say to the other? A: together we can stop this shit
Sometimes, just to annoy my Therapist, I'll ask him
Japan's flag is like a pie chart of how much of Japan is Japan.
I value your opinion as long as you don't offer it
What is similar between a strip club and the Artic The poles are cold and then they are getting warmer.
Why doesn't Bill Cosby like women's flip flops? ...because he can't lace them.
Dear Genitals, Thank you for not bleeding every month. Sincerely, A Man
Satan's greatest trick is convincing you he's not real but there's a quality drop-off after that. No. 2 is pretending his thumb is your nose
Why did Hitler need to get a new car? His was Stalin.
Do you like warts? No. Don't worry. They'll grow on you.
EVERYONE FREEZE THIS IS A ROBBERY! ""What's that?"" It...it's a sawed-off shotgun. ""Aren't you supposed to use the other half?"" ...shit.
How does a racist joke start? A small loan of a million dollars.
What do you call a frog who wants to be a cowboy ? Hoppalong Cassidy !
What happened when the red ship and the blue ship crashed They were marooned
How do you know Tiger Woods is one of the richest people in the world? He plays golf.
So my new Quantum Computer finally arrived today... ...inside the box, all I found was a dead cat :(
i had an asthma attack with all that wheezing you would of thought i would have heard them hiding
Tower: Shamu two-two please state estimated time of arrival. Pilot: Ok let's see... I think Tuesday would be nice...
If your boyfriend is ever about to break up with you, yell ""what about the baby!"" You'll be in a relationship for at least another 5 minutes
If Pringles really wanted the fun to never stop they'd make those tube things like 5 feet long.
Hey, strippers named ""Elantra"". It's too late to grow some self respect but at least read Car and Driver before picking a name.
The one thing that all women find attractive ...a man who doesn't fall for clickbait
I was Going to tell a Racist Joke... But then my black friend stole them all.
What day do soldiers hate the most? March Fourth
When hubs is sleeping I put my Care Bear blanket on him and take the most adorable blackmail photos ever.
What's the difference between Ellen Pao and a pitbull? Lipstick
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Some obscure number you've never heard of
I'm at a second grade music recital and this is by far the most effective form of birth control I've ever tried.
I've been putting my sunglasses on and walking away from things in slow motion all day, nothing has exploded yet.
Of all the things we should be thankful for at this time of year, not being a turkey is probably the main one.
what happens when you cross the Atlantic with the titanic? about halfway
What do punctuation marks win in competitions? Apos-trophies
Jurassic World Fight That fight scene at the end was really intense. I can't help but think those dinos will be sore tomorrow.
Help stop domestic violence... Each year, 1 in 5 people are violently domesticated
My new house has special needs It has a re-tarred driveway.
I wish my girlfriend went down as much... as the pound did last night.
What do you do if your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down and use Lubricant.
I tried telling a joke my friend from Baghdad told me. Unfortunately, Iraqed it.
What do you call a bunch of Christmas nuts bragging about their sex lives in a hotel lobby? Chestnuts boasting in an open foyer.
There are two types of people Those who use false dichotomies, and those who don't.
I ate an entire box of delicious Triscuit crackers, and 8 hours later gave birth to a wicker chair.
TGIF  Tongue goes in First
""prepare for battle"" they said Yet they didnt prepare themselves
What do get when you cross a Jehovah's witness and a Hells Angel? Someone who knocks on your front door and tells you to piss off.
The Navy should develop something based on ""gaydar"" that would allow ships & planes to recognize approaching objects.
Did you hear about the hard working sander company that refuses to give their workers kneepads. Aka Bernie Sanders.
I lost 42 pounds!!! Help me find her before her mother comes back!
What do you call a Korean with special needs? Special K
I hate it when I'm at someone's house and they ask stupid questions like ""Who are you?"" and ""Is that a gun?""
Remember the guy who played in the deer hunter, and pulp fiction? Christopher something or other... Anyway, I heard that he's opening a new hospital. They're calling it the Walken clinic.
What is Obama's last name? care
I secretly like days when none of my facebook friends have birthdays.
What has 100 legs and sixteen teeth? The front row of a Willie Nelson concert.
I swear to god if my girlfriend calls me immature one more time... She's never getting her nose back.
I'm sure it's just a coincidence that pop music has gotten shittier since we started picking our artists on game shows.
Thinking about going as a prostitute for Halloween, but confused about at what point turning a trick becomes a treat.
No sin mi supervision Jaimito Mama mama! Puedo usar el coche? -No sin mi supervision Jaimito! -Ui perdon por no tener superpoderes como tu!! jajaja
Shakira's hips just told me 9/11 was an inside job and now I don't know what to believe.
Thanks to Volkswagen, I'm now even starting to doubt if Herbie was a true story.
I asked a Scottish friend of mine how many sexual partners he'd had. He started counting but fell asleep. Edit: WOW my top post is now a bestiality joke. Thanks guys :)
Hey baby, are you a parking ticket? because i'm not going to pay you
The Suicide Bomber Teacher said to his student... ""Come here and listen closely, I'm only gonna show you this once""...
Heard this one from my trumpet playing band director Does anyone know the Trumpeteer handshake? ""Hi, I'm better than you""
What's the temperature in Motown right now? Three degrees, four tops
I'm hiring a motivational speaker for my lazy eye.
I just passed by Canadian citizenship test! I got an eh +
Do cannibals try to eat gymnasts... for a more balanced diet?
Cyclists who don't obey street signs should have to wear their google search history on a t-shirt.
My friend told me this one Q: Why is it so hard to make up your mind on what to get in an Italian restaurant? A: There are just too many pastabilities!
No thanks, 5 Hour Energy, I'd rather have a 5 Hour Nap.
When I count my blessings, I count you twice, subtract 4, multiply by 8, and divide by 15 because I don't know how math or blessings work.
My lesbian neighbors got me two fake Rolex for my birthday.... I guess they misunderstood when I told them I wanted to watch
If Philae finds an inhabitant on the comet what would be its first words? I'm a Comedian ^((because people from Mars are Martians)^) ^^And. ^^I'll ^^show ^^myself ^^out
What do you call 2 lambs dating? A relationSHEEP.
If Bernie Sanders has more delegates but still gets denied by the DNC... ...that would be unpresidented.
I'm worried, about that one cute sweet innocent girl who keeps liking my fb post.
Was driving to work this morning and saw a pluming truck with the best slogan ever. Had to share... J&amp
What do you call a techno-themed grocery store? Gigi D'Agostino
BEST JOKE EVER Just a corny joke I though off. Hope it brings a smile to your day (: Why was Justin Biber in Frozen? Cuz aparently he likes ""snow"".
I owe a lot of money to a couple people you don't want to owe money to.... ... the winners of my fantasy football league
Short, but good nonetheless A midget philanthropist
What's the difference between good sex and anal? Good sex makes your whole day, good anal makes your hole weak.
ME: [bumps man] MAN: [spills coffee] Say sorry ME: No MAN: Then I'll see you in court ME: [remembers I own a camouflage suit] You won't
What's the difference between a good haircut and a bad haircut? About 3 weeks.
When is decency going to be cool again?
Keen silence from a dinner guest as she looks across the living room and realizes I made her bridesmaid dress into a dog bed.
What's the opposite of shell shock? Shell expectation
A redditor and his friend, Elle, walk into a bar... The redditor notices a jar of mayonnaise on the bar, so he says, ""Hey, Elle, a mayo!""
Alexander Godunov Is Alexander a good dancer?
An obgyn was fired from his job So decided to become a comedian, but he failed at that as well. I guess he just always screwed up the delivery...
What did the Chinese man in an unhappy marriage say when he found out his wife faked her death? ""I never bereaved her anyways.""
I like my coffee black... like it's waiting for it's welfare check.
What is a chinese pirate an expert at? Flying a plane.
Envelope containing poop. Sorry for the shit post.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw orgies.
Where do you guys stand on the cheese debate? I'm staunchly pro-volone.
I went to the largest campsite in germany it was mein kampf by blitz creek
Just been chatting to my neighbor's teenage daughter It turns out she's really into aliens and UFOs Which is cool because tommorow she's getting abducted
I just spent the last four hours connecting all of my watches together to make a belt. Complete waist of time.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison.
I let a Jehovahs Witness in my home, I sat him down and said, 'what do you have to tell me?' he said, 'I don't know, never made it this far'
I basically have three hairstyles. 1. Straight 2. Wavy 3. Homeless
If you gave me a blowjob while in the shower, I'd probably shampoo and condition your hair while you do it.
[buzzfeed 1776] 21 Declarations You Won't Believe!
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean? I've never had a garbanzo bean in my bed.
Pussy Me: Let me tell you a joke. Me: Pussy. You: ... Me: Do you get it? You: No.. Me: Exactly.
I was told that tipping your server is normal in America But apparently this will get you fired as a systems administrator.
Why do fat people say they have to start eating right? They've obviously mastered the art of chewing and swallowing.
Whats green, three inches long and smells like bacon? Kermit the frogs middle finger.
I feel like Frosted Flakes gives kids an unreasonable expectation of how friendly tigers are when you try to feed them a bowl of cereal.
*Power goes out* Wife: I can't see! *Shoes light up* Me: Ha! Whose shoes were ""a waste of money"" & ""clearly meant for a large child"" now?!
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman? None.
What do you call a really nice sex addict? Compassionate.
Gay jokes aren't funny Cum on guys
What do you call a dog that doesn't eat meat? A vegiterrier!
Girlfriend went to the neurologist to get a brain scan yesterday. Nothing showed up.
Marriage is like a deck of cards In the beginning all you need is 2 hearts and a diamond... By the end you wish you had a club and a spade.
Law of attraction to females If I had a nickel for every girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive.
""Maybe connect two monocles together? Pretty good idea. I have to write this down."" - the guy that invented the pen
How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh.....it's fine. Forget about it. Seriously don't worry about it. I'm fine sitting here in the dark.
how do you mathematically describe the tempo of global warming? Al Gore Rhythm
What is the best way to receive downvotes on reddit? Wohahaha! That was funny! XD
What did one tampon say to the other? Nothing. They're both stuck up bitches.
I truly believe that there are some people who listen to you when you talk and there's other people who just wait for it to be their turn.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no idea.
My wife said she wanted to die naturally. So I shot her and she died, naturally.
Bono and the Edge walk into a bar... The bartender looks up at them and says ""Oh, not you two again."".
Marriage in New Jersey should be between a tan and a woman.
The ""D"" boy: spell ""me"" girl: M-E boy: but you forgot the D girl: there's no D in me boy: not yet 
Kids having the best time ever sound exactly the same as kids being axe-murdered.
Who did the pirate lose his virginity to? His first mate.
I just saved a ton of money on my Christmas shopping by expressing my political views on facebook.
She said she was stripping to feed her kids but then got pissed when I started throwing food at her.
Today is world piles day Get yourself checked. If you don't have piles, celebrate for being a ""perfect asshole"" If you do have piles, still celebrate, for being a ""pain in the ass""
Me: I weigh 10x more than the cat and yet she trusts me completely. So sweet. You: Me: You: It's a lot more than 10x. Me: Don't ruin this.
What do you do to backwards scented muffins? sniffum
I said hi to Ellen Pao today She told me to stop being sexist
When the ex asks to be friends... it's like your mum telling you that your dog is dead but you can keep it.
Dwarf Shortage I know, it's a short joke
The original title for Star Wars was ""Skywalker: Texas Ranger"". Starring Chuck Norris.
Did you know that Helen Kellet was born near Troy, Alabama? I guess that's why they called her ... yhe little deaf girl who couldn't see neither
What do they say about a rapper who stole a dictionary? He got a way with words.
Coworkers: Zack, you should come to a hookah bar with us! Me: Why? Who's celebrating their 12th birthday?
My gf texted me ""myspacebuttonisbrokenonmyphonecanyoupleasegivemeanalternative"" Do any of you know what ""ternative"" means?
My wife tried on a new dress and turned to me and said, ""I look fat, can you give me a compliment?"" ""You have perfect eyesight"", I replied.
What's the difference between black people and cancer? The cancer evolves.
You can tell a movie is going to be funny if one is the characters is shrugging in the poster. Because shrugging people will do anything!
What do you call two crows together? Attempted murder.
Why was the centipede dropped from the insect  football team ? He took too long to put his boots on !
What do women and pine trees have in common? Every time you try to get on one, they ruin it by getting sappy.
My 5th grader is one eye roll away from being listed on eBay this morning.
What the worst part about pulling a hair clump from the drain of the apartment you just moved into? Waiting for it to dry so you can glue it to your sex doll
What do you call two Mexicans fighting one another Juan on Juan
What is it called when a bull made of snow eats explosives? A bomb in a bull snowman.
Why is America trying to bomb the lady who lives in my iPhone she seems nice
I noticed that the local convent has no security around the building, so I helped myself. No fence. Nun taken.
What did the pastry chef say to his apprentice? ""Know your roll!""
Where is the best place to hide a hippie's weed? Under the soap.
Why do Scottish men wear kilts? Sheep can hear zippers.
Why was Cloud trying to cheer up Sky? He looked a little blue
My Saturday was going pretty well... Until I realised it was Sunday
How do nuns surf the web? On the Hymnternet.
Just wrote ""except for you, spiders >:("" on my Welcome mat so that should be the end of that
THERAPIST: you're running from something. what do u think it might be? [goose outside the window does throat-slitting motion] ME: uhfailure
George Carlin appeared to me in a dream and asked me ""How can there be such a thing as a one-way street when you can obviously cross a street either way?""
My parents decided the key to a successful marriage is going out to a fancy restaurant twice a week. My dad goes out Mondays and my mom goes out Fridays.
I opened a company selling land mines that look like prayer mats Prophets are through the roof
The Bible is basically the longest set of Terms &amp
How come the T Rex was an excellent stenographer? short hands..
I'd completely forgotten I had a boomerang It just came back to me.
I was hanging out with some lesbians... Yes, I do have a penis. But don't worry, I won't hold it against you.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot. 
What's the difference between a Lambo and 1,000 dead babies? I dont have a Lambo in my Garage...
I had to quit my job as a Microsoft delivery man It got awkward telling people I was giving word to their mother.
5 year old niece to me: What do you want to be when you grow up? Me: Let's not rush things, OK?
school is like a boner School is like a boner its long and hard, unless your Asian
[Girl over my house] ""My ex boyfriend had this weird one-man-band thing. You dont, right?"" [Unclipping my harmonica holder] Def not.
What's the difference between a optimist, a pessimist and a realist? The optimist sees the light at the end of the tunnel. The pessimist sees nothing. And the realist sees the train.
How many ants does it take to fill an apartment? tenants.
What is the difference between a grizzly bear and a limp dick? There isn't one, you can't fuck with either one.
A joke about pi? Nah this joke just goes on forever  -------------------
A philosopher says to the linguist... ""What if, instead of periods, woman had apostrophes?"" The linguist replied, ""They'd be more possessive and have more frequent contractions.""
There are 10 kinds of people in this world... ...those who understand binary and those who don't
I hate when people ask me what I'm see myself doing in 5 years... Its not like I have 2020 vision.
[tweets about one side of an issue to my followers who all agree with me already] hell yes I'm making a difference
Doctor Doctor I think I'm an adder  Great can you help me with my accounts then please!
I wish I was able to argue about something as strongly as women do about nothing.
I have developed an intolerance to gluten- -free people
Who would you save first? Wife asks her husband: Honey, If a lion attacks my mother and I, Who would you save first? Husband: Well, the lion!
I sprayed a spider in my house with Axe, to try and kill it. But now it's name is Chad, and he's fucking my girlfriend...
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss... but you won't miss. You've trained your whole life for this. Take the shot. Kill the moon.
When god created Adam, she said: ""I've got good news and bad news.... ...good news is, I'm giving you a penis AND a brain. Bad news is, I'm only giving you enough blood to use one at a time.""
Just got banned from B&amp
Jesus Christ.. ...
Why do Mexicans love six flags ... Because they can get a abortion and go on rides
Sorry for illegally downloading your music, guy who mostly makes songs about doing crime.
How do you know the passengers of the missing plane are alive? A new season of lost is out now!
Instead of saying, ""YOLO"", try saying, ""Carpe Diem"". You won't sound like a douche andddd, you won't sound like a douche.
You know that movie Anaconda? They filmed it in my pants.
What do call you it when a butt pirate calls another butt pirate on the phone? Booty call.
Two guys walk into a bar... ""Ouch!""
A beautiful lady once asked me what I like in a woman. I got six months for indecent exposure.
I paid My 11 old $10 to do the dishes, so on her way to the bathroom I mugged her...because, you know, life lesson.
Got my hair done again. I'm so blonde now I can barely spell my last name.
I bet all those girls that ignored me in high school would still be pretty pleased with that decision.
""This is so wrong" I say excitedly, my heart racing, my hands trembling as I butter a donut
Wheelchair tax The new tax on wheelchairs has been met with major resistance, with some users refusing to stand for it.
Poetry would be a lot harder if violets were orange.
There is no ""I"" in the word ""team" but I don't think that means anything about team work. That's just how it's spelled.
Why did the boy fall off the bike? Someone threw a fridge at him.... Gold
What is Somailias national dish? An empty plate
Did you hear about that celebrity who committed suicide? Reese whatsername? ""Witherspoon?"" ""No, with a knife!"" Only really works if you actually tell it to someone (and can maintain a good pokerface)
Do you think all these parents who named their daughters after flowers really gave much thought to how much teenage boys like to pluck?
Na Fa Fo Na Na Fo Fo -Sassy black girl giving me her digits.
The police just released a statement that someone is going around pickpocketing midgets. I'm surprised someone could stoop so low.
A donkey falls into a bowl of sugar... Now, that's a sweet ass.
An art museum robber is caught when he tries to get away.... A reporter asks him what went wrong with the robbery. He answers "" I didn't have the Monet to buy Degas to make the Van Gogh.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense? [Click here for the punchline](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/1yya5x/how_do_you_keep_an_idiot_in_suspense/)
People say you are what you eat..... So I guess it's a compliment when someone calls you a cunt
I found out my vacation to Greece is tax deductible Apparently it falls under charity work
Do I have friends? Are we allowed to count the enemies of my enemies? Then yes, I have a bunch of friends.
Overheard in the nucleus... Q: Are you sure you're a proton? A: Yes, I'm positive.
Why does Hillary Clinton want to have sex with Bill first thing in the morning? She wants to be the first lady.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
What happens when your cousin eats all the Pumpkin pie on Thanksgiving? Plump kin!
I got catcalled by the garbagemen outside my house this morning... They know a good piece of trash when they see one.
A man was masturbating for 48 days straight until finally he blew his load It was a long time coming.
DAEEM GURRL . . . you must be suicidal thoughts, cause you've been running through my mind all day. - Jim Hamilton
I've learned a lot about women. Ex: if you're going to the hospital for a gunshot wound & she asks for tampons, you'd better stop on the way
did you hear about the kid who read a book about anti gravity? He just couldn't **put it down!**
My ring tone is a woman faintly screaming Help me, Superman. Help me!' and then I run away, unexplained.
Have a girl that everyone else dreams about, but don't dream about a girl that everyone else has.
I started a business putting explosives in prayer mats Prophets are though the roof.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his cup of free-trade coffee? Because he started drinking it before it was cool.
The FDA is banning trans fats because they're bad for you... but OJ has actually killed people!
BIDEN: I'mma punch him when he comes here. OBAMA: No, Joe. Don't do that. BIDEN: Punch him round the back. OBAMA: Joe. BIDEN: Kick, then.
What's a difference between a oral and a rectal thermometer? The taste
Dear guy who parked his Lexus across two parking spaces: Your car got paint on my keys.
How do you get Pikachu on the bus? Poke 'em on!
Have you ever tried eating a clock? It's very time-consuming.
Sarah Jessica Parker? Horse.
Hate when my GF asks me to hold her purse at the grocery store line cause I really don't like being that guy holding two purses.
Who was the winner of the first Tour De France? The Wehrmacht Tank division.
Sure, your carpenter could turn water into wine, Father. Now let ME tell you about a plumber who can increase his size by eating mushrooms.
HELP! I just sent my girlfriend a dick pic... and she just sent me one back.
Dear every hip hop artist: No, I don't know what you're saying. Maybe if you ask me another 36 times before the song is over.
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair...
Did you hear about the dinner on the moon? Great food no atmosphere.
My parents would hide fruit roll ups on top of the refrigerator where I couldn't reach them. And leave chemicals under the sink.
What do you call a Chinese lady with one leg? Irene.
45 min phone call w/8yo nephew: Aunt Cassy, there are 206 bones in the human body!Want me to name them?1.Cranium 2.Mandible 3.Scapula...
Why wouldn't the shrimp share his toys? Because he is a little shellfish.
Coffee is so addicted to me, it can't wait to get in my belly. In its defense, my belly is awesome.
Panic rooms are a great way to protect yourself during home invasions or like if you forget your wife's birthday.
What would Martin Luther King be if he was white? Alive. He would be alive.
Doctor Doctor I keep seeing double. Please sit on the couch. Which one!
What dog is the worst at polishing a turd? A poodull
What is the best contraceptive for old people? Nudity
[donald trump wakes up from getting his wisdom teeth removed. his mouth stuffed with gauze] did i builded the big walls yet?
I ate a salad today and it contained both eggs and chicken I didn't know where to start.
In 2017 I'm going to start eating healthy again. This marks the end of my cheat decade.
Why are all the girls in my school dressed up like OP,s mom?
On Christmas morning I want to eat Eggs Benedict out of a hubcap. Because there's no plate like chrome for the hollandaise.
""Yes mam that'll be $1200"" ""Just to remove a cassette tape that's stuck?"" ""Ma'm, it's in your CD player""
Did you know that when a pigeon has sex it dies? Well the one that I fucked did
Thieves broke into my house and stole everything except my soap. Dirty bastards.
Saying that you were touched by Jesus... ...is a completely different story in a Mexican prison.
I keep getting a message that ""Twitter is having issues""nnGood job guys...we drove twitter crazy!
What do you call a 6 year old with no friends? A Sandy Hook survivor
Sports: So how's the shoestring game goin'? Right now, it's ***ALL TIED-UP!*** Oh my-oh-my! I couldn't find a cornylamejokes subreddit, so... ~Skip
Why was 6 afraid of 7? It was known for blowing up for no reason
85% of Canadian moms need you to fix their computer this afternoon
An old man went to the doctor The doctor says ""I'm afraid I have bad news. You have cancer... And you have alzheimer's."" The old man says ""Well, at least I don't have cancer!""
My wife wanted me to see the world from a woman's perspective... So I stood next to the kitchen window.
*walks up to IKEA return counter *rips receipt into tiny pieces *tells the clerk to put it together himself
This morning, 50 Cent announced he's filing for bankruptcy. He also announced he'll be touring with Nickelback to recoup 10% of his losses.
""STOP IT STOP IT. CUT. THIS IS ALL WRONG"" I scream at my cats dressed like vampires. ""This is NOTHING like Twilight!!""
Q: Where do books eat dinner? A: At the table of contents.
Why Trump is the most religious president in United States history? He got Every Juan praying!
What did you have for breakfast? Pea Soup Q: What did you have for lunch? A: Pea Soup Q: What did you have for dinner? A: Pea Soup Q: What did you do all night? A: Pee soup...
Those ""Smoking Kills"" stickers on cigarette packs would be more effective saying ""Smoking Kills Puppies with a power drill covered in bees.""
How does Moses make tea? He brews it.
Throughout history they've removed a lot of key parts from the bible, like how Satan nicknamed his loofah ""Loofifer.""
If my dying plant is any indication, I probably don't water my dog enough... Oh fuck, where's my kid?
The cow says ""moo"", the horse says ""neigh""... The dog says ""That person...Edward...""
Your momma so ugly ... Not even Ripley can believe it
A Limbo Champion Walks Into a Bar. He loses his title.
9 Year Old: Where do babies come from? Me: (pause) Europe.
My Son's #1 Concern When my three-year-old was told to pee in a cup at the doctor's office, he unexpectedly got nervous. With a shaking voice, he asked, ""Do I have to drink it?""
You mail one pig fetus with a note saying ""I'm oinkers for you!"" attached, and suddenly you're 'psycho'. Whatever.
How do you know your at a gay bbq? Hotdogs taste like shit
Q.How many blonde's does it take to change a light bulb? A. 3. 1 to find the bulb 1 to find a ladder and 1 to find a man.
4yo: What happened to the fish? Me: It drowned. 4yo: ... Me: ... 4yo: ... Me: ... 4yo: Must have been a really stupid fish.
They said I'd have to kiss a lot of frogs before finding my prince. I never found him, but I did find out I'm REALLY into frogs.
What is a french bakers lifestyle like? Its a life of pain
Why did the devil buy so many shoes? He wanted their soles.
Q: ""Hey Dad, how was your business trip to Southeast Asia?"" A: ""Terrible son. In fact, It was downright Laosy""
Every morning, I jog around my block 15 times. Then I pick the block up and put it back with the rest of it's little Lego friends.
""Welcome to the jungle"" Thanks. ""We've got fun and games"" Cool. ""You're in the jungle"" We've established this ""You're gonna die!"" Wait what?
A priest, a rabbi, and a monk walk into a bar. The bartender asks, ""Is this a joke?""
An Indian diabetic wasn't following his diet... You could say that he was naan-compliant.
A new report says that the average U.S. University Freshman reads at a 7th grade level. To any College Freshmen out there, big words say you can't read big words.
A picture is worth three, maybe four words tops.
Jesus loves you. These are beautiful words to hear in a church, and absolutely horrifying ones to hear in a Mexican prison.
What do old people often do? Die
When I die, I want people to think back lovingly about me and say ""oh, I thought she was already dead""
Too sick to walk to the drugstore. Anyone have a recipe for turning meth back into cold medicine?
""Wow, I haven't showered since last year!"" ""Haha good one, but it's not the new year yet"" ""I know...""
Kanye West always looks like someone just told him a movie spoiler.
2 dads walk into a bar... One turns to the other and says ""that hurt"".
Did you hear about the scarecrow that got an award? It was for being outstanding in his field.
2 Goldfish are in a tank. One turns to the other and asks ""Do you know how to drive this thing?""
I just mixed peanut butter and Nutella together in case anyone's curious why I've suddenly started attending church.
*crawls seductively across bed* *elbow gives out*
How do you tell... How do you tell when your girlfriend is getting fat? She starts fitting into your wife's clothes!
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil? I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.
I went to a seafood disco last week I ended up pulling a mussel.
There are 3 kinds of people in this world 1) Those who are bad at maths 2) Those that are good at maths
I just found out I'm an amateur nudist. I thought I was pretty good at it but apparently if you don't have the right certifications they'll call the mall security.
Somehow,, We've got to find a way to STOP the driver of that bus that everyone keeps getting thrown under.
Sure, 50% of marriages end in divorce and yeah, that's sad. But 100% of married people will die, and isn't that a greater tragedy?
Why deal with the petty hassles of being in an actual relationship when you can watch Corona commercials and remember why you're single?
I lied awake all last night waiting for the sun to come up... And then it dawned on me.
I'm the cat whisperer. because I whisper, ""I could kill you with my bare hands"" to them daily.
Keep the Earth clean! Its not Uranus.
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with strawberry soda? A berry bubbly bunny.
What does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella for? Fo Drizzle!
3 Politicians go to Heaven...
Want to depress yourself? Realize that someday Tom Hanks will die. Want to cheer yourself up? Remember that right now, Tom Hanks is alive.
What does 90 year old Pu$$y taste like? Depends...
Did some Doomsday Prepping today Have enough food for 71 minutes
Whoever decided to use pantyhose as a bank robbing disguise must have had one hell of a speech to convince his buds to follow along.
When is a door a container? When it is ajar!
Why do Women rub their eyes when they wake up? (NSFW) A: They don't have balls to scratch!!
What do you call a popular joke on reddit a repost
Hardcore Ramen: drink boiling water, swallow dried noodle block, snort flavor packet.
I drink because I care. About me. And drinks.
I heard this joke about a guy who gave oral sex to his sister's daughter. It was a real niece lapper.
Considering I'm broke, I wonder if she'll let me be her sugar-free daddy.
What do Hillbillies do for Halloween? They pump kin
What does Jerry Sandusky and a Silver Medalist have in common? They both came in a little behind!
In 1987, we had Ronald Reagan, Johnny Cash, and Bob Hope... ...now we have Obama, no cash, and no hope.
My friend and I had this never-ending argument in a swimming pool in France Turned into a total piscine contest
Why does Bono sing acapella when he's feeling down? It takes the edge off it
Two blondes walking down the hood and one said:   -Wait.. I smell sperm... someone is fu*king nearby!!...  The other one responded:   -Nah, I just belched
""Ejaculate"" shouldn't just be strictly a sexual term. I should be able to ""ejaculate"" out of a restaurant (leave quickly).
If the skin on your elbow is called a weenus... Is the skin on your knee called a knee-nus? (I'm so sorry)
How does the queen bee get around the hive? She's throne.
When Trump build a wall what would the US become? Attack on Titans...
Got a $15000 parking fine!!..I didn't see a sign saying you couldn't park on pedestrians.
Baby, it's cold outside. I checked my weather app.
If ""bae"" means bacon and eggs then yes, I'm chilling with my bae
I told my jewish friend a Holocaust Joke... It Holocaust me our friendship.
Pal: my advice for your date is, make her think you're well travelled, girls love it! Later Me: Guess how many buses it took me to get here
How do you re-use a condom? Turn it inside out, and shake the fuck out of it.
What do you call a fedora wearing neck beard president's wife? First M'lady
Nesta Carter was asked how he felt after winning a gold medal alongside Usain Bolt. ""That was dope!""
The girl across from me is on the phone to her boyfriend. I regret nodding when she told him she looked terrible.
Live today like it's your last!! But pay your bills and use a condom just in case it isn't.
I like my coffee like I like my presidents. Not orange
Him: *hands me glass of clear liquid* Is this glass half full or half empty? Me: Is that water or vodka? Him: Vodka. Me: Empty.
So I went to an Ethiopian restaurant last week... and I am still waiting for the food.
Why do Jews have big noses? Why not? Air is free anyway!
Q: How many fire safety guys dose it take to screw in a light bulb? A: One -- but it's an 8 hour minimum.
I heard they're installing over 15,000 CCTV cameras in New Delhi for Obama's visit. That's ridiculous, it's not like he's going to steal anything.
My first high-school football game was a lot like my first time having sex... I was bloody and sore at the end, but at least my dad came.
You sneak into my room, unnoticed
Why do bananas get all the ladies? Because they have appeal
What is it called when a prairie dog sees its shadow? Total Eclipse of a Fart
I just burned 2000 calories! That's the last time I leave brownies in the oven and take a nap.
""If you love the bed so much why don't you marry it?"" *imagines beautiful ceremony on the beach, me & Beddy. No one can stop our love now.
Someone's deodorant is not working... And I know it's not me because I'm not wearing any.
There you go again, overusing big words like some kind of tweeting sesquipedalian. Idiot.
Helen Keller wouldnt know what a dick was if it hit her in the face.
To all the ""I'm moving to Canada"" people out there, you're being ridiculous. You won't be far enough to escape the nuclear fallout. Shoot for New Zealand or Australia.
I bet the murder rate is so low in Canada because you have to go 300 miles to find someone to kill.
So I saw Cuba Gooding Jr. at my local Walmart He was comparing Old Spice Sport to Old Spice Original Scent when I slapped those bottles out of his hand and told him, ""No soap, Radio.""
The ones you keep closest to your heart hurt you the most. Like the underwire in my bra that tried to stab me.
Nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from an ugly picture.
I once had a friend named Chance... But he was just too damn unreliable... I'll show myself out, stage right
A physics teacher accidentally walks into the psychology classroom on her first day... Whoops wrong sub
How can you tell when your girlfriend is getting fat? She can wear your wife's clothes.
Conjunctivitis.com Now there's a site for sore eyes.
What's the difference between a good joke and a woman? The good joke doesn't get a black eye when you tell it a second time.
What is the softest bed for a baby to sleep on? Cot-on-wool.
The Old Testament is the historical record of the first time we Jews controlled the media.
Why is Hillary Clinton running for President? Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement
Sometimes it seems like Anthony Weiner doesn't even have a sense of Huma.
When his I.Q. reaches 50, he should sell.
The downside of studying law: you think a lawsuit is the solution to all problems. *resists from threatening Dominos for not giving oregano*
What does a bro say when asked if he needs help doing a magic trick? Nah brah, tadah brah!
What do you call a clown and a crook rolling in feces? The US elections.
Not everyone that comes into your life needs to stay there.
Multitasking: screwing up several things at once.
I refused to buy my 5yo a tablet, and now she's resorted to hand-drawing angry emojis on pieces of paper to express her frustration.
Why do credit cards not work in France? They don't understand the concept of charging.
[Corporate Olive Garden meeting, 1985] Jesus: Let's do unlimited breadsticks. CEO: How can we supply that many? Jesus: *winks at camera*
I feel there's still hope for this world every time my computer's spellcheck doesn't recognize Kardashian.
What do you call a woman who turn straight guys into gay? Spatula.
Buy Domino's Fire everyone Hire dragons Fire roasted pizzas Delivery in six minutes or less IMAGINE DRAGONS
Where does geography and geography meet? The Bermuda Triangle.
WALKING DEAD JOKE (Harsh) I was going to say a compliment about beth but i'm afraid it would go strait to her head.
For all you Engineers out there
How do you call fish with no eyes fsh
I got sacked from the dodgems. I'm going to take them to court and win the case based on funfair dismissal.
Did you hear what ubisoft rated assassins creed black flag? They rated it ARrrrrrrr 16.
Why can't people in wheelchairs be looked at for too long? The can't handle stares.
You know, sometimes bad things happen to exactly the right people.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Coda ! Coda who ? Coda paint !
An illegal immigrant and a pedophile got into a fight... It was the real life version of Alien vs Predator
An invisible man and an invisible woman got married. Their kids were nothing to look at either.
Go into a bathroom stall and write: ""For A Good Time Call Your Mother. She Misses You & Enjoys Hearing Your Voice.""
My wife told me she used to be a lesbian once ""You mean I turned you?"" I asked with a grin. ""No...."" she replied wistfully. ""I just ran out of money.""
Girl, are you pre-Renaissance art? Because you need to get some perspective.
""Toilet joke * Dirty ""Toilet joke"" [Dirty] if it's yellow let it mellow if it's brown let it drown if it's red.... you could of spread?
What would you call a terrible piece of gold? Absolutely Auful!
What is the most violent element of the periodic table? Ni, because Ni for an eye
Glad I'm not a general, because auto-correct just changed ""lunch order"" to ""launch order.""
Nothing embarrasses a psychic more than a surprise party.
I'm going to be late I'm at the hospital getting my hymen restored, so I'm a bit de-laid.
Even after all the crap that's gone between them. They're still together. My butt cheeks :)
Allstate just sent me a safe driver bonus check for 73 cents so I guess good things do happen to good people.
Sometimes I just get the urge to belt out The Lion Sleeps Tonight. After all, it's only a whim away.
Jared was a good eater But he always left a little behind
Looking for a joke: irish dinner potatoe Pretty close, but need to know the exact joke about irish dinner consisting of potatos and beer
If your phone fell in a toilet, you would... 1995: ...leave it, toilets are gross Today: [wrist-deep in urine] BRING ME A BOWL OF RICE NOW
What's the difference between a lawyer and a bucket full of shit? The bucket.
Where does the General keep his armies? In his sleevies
Go ahead and cremate your grandma, you've urned it.
Hell hath no fury like a woman slightly inconvenienced.
*PLOT TWIST* Breaking Bad last ep. Walt takes off the mask to reveal he was Dwayne Johnson The world finally knows what the Rock was cookin
What did the hooker say in the shower after a long day at work? That was a huge load off my back
How guys wake up In the morning Brain: ""Oh f*ck."" Body: ""Don't get up."" Dick: ""THIS IS SPARTAA!!!""
Constantly saying ""I don't care about sports"" is a form of caring about sports
Q: Why are elephants gray? A: So you don't get them confused with blueberries.
Next time you're having a bad day just remember that alligators spend their whole lives looking like they're trying to do a push-up.
What's the most dangerous place in an Excel file? C4
What do you call a Mexican Jedi? A Padajuan
Charlie Brown decided to wear transparent pants one day... ...and when Lucy saw him she said ""I always thought you were a blockhead, Charlie Brown, but now I can plainly see your nuts.""
What is a Nuclear Physicist's favorite Genesis song? ""Land of Cold-Fusion"".
30 wolves 28 sheep how many did not 10
what idiot called it a best man instead of a lord of the rings
I need to get baked ...goods for the staff party this afternoon.
Did you hear about the man who went into the doctor for anal glaucoma? He couldn't see his ass going into work.
People used to laugh at me when I said I wanted to become a comedian... well nobody's laughing now!
I don't understand... ...how God can have Ten Commandments for the whole world, and yet my wife can have 152 just for our house.
A wireless bra? They weren't tricky enough, now I need a password?
We should legalize heroin just for the commercials alone
Slept like a log last night Woke up in the fireplace.
What's so good about living in Switzerland? Not sure but the flag's a big plus.
*Relationship status* Me: I'm heading off now. Wife: Yayyy.
Superman wears Chuck Norris underpants.
Who does a dead pharaoh talk to? His mummy.
It's not really 'fast food' if fat people can catch it.
What's the opposite of running away and getting married? Anteloping.
What do you call a pall-bearer in Oklahoma? a Karaoke
Bud light is alot like sex in a canoe... It's fucking close to water
A joke told by the mods of this sub. ""Long""
I'm badman! bad to whom? whoman!
Spent all last night mouthing words to my dog to try and convince him that he'd gone deaf.
What do you call a wooden spoon in the bedroom A weapon of ass destruction
What do you call a deaf person who can't lip read? Anything you want!
What's red and green and wears boxing gloves? A fruit punch.
If you received a blow job from a toothless Japanese woman, Would you call that oralgumi?
Two and a half men would be way funnier with an all black cast But then it would have to be called one and 3/5ths men
So I was petting a duckling the other day... you could say I was feeling a little down.
Sun Devil Fans What is the difference between a Sun Devil fan and a pet rock? About 3 IQ points
What is McDonald's demolition service called? Quarter pounder.
After a tornado tore through town, thankfully no one was hurt. The trees were stripped bare, though. God breathed a sigh of releaf.
Green smoothies because who has the time or energy to chew 17 cups of spinach/lettuce/kale
A student brought me 20 huge homemade chocolate chip cookies today. Good thing I have self-control--I saved one for my kids. To split.
A girl quit her job at the doughnut factory... She was fed up with the hole business.
Did a somersault for the first time in years. I know that's not a good tweet but I'm getting bored lying here waiting for the paramedics.
So weird that before we invented cars, if you hated someone you keyed their horse.
[Sky-diving] INSTRUCTOR: pull your shute! ME: my shoe? INSTRUCTOR: your parachute! ME: my pair of shoes? [later] CORONER: where's his shoes?
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth.... and vagina? Only SOME of the things that come out of her vagina are retarded!
40 days after Christmas Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her for Christmas and it's still printing.
Did you hear about that new supervillain, The Weather Man? I hear he's taking the world by storm
Most irons aren't made from iron, which ironically is both ironic and unironic.
It's Saturday night and I just saw a guy with a ponytail and tinted lenses. Somewhere, a tarantula is home alone
[dinner party] *removing myself from table* Excuse me, I have to take this. *picks up host's dog* *leaves*
Poker never works well in Africa Ethiopians always eat the chips
Did you hear about the agnostic insomniac dyslexic? He lay awake at night wondering if there's a Dog.
Maybe 6% of pens work. Terrible job, pen manufacturers.
Apparently Mindy McCready shot herself. It's unusual for a woman to use a gun but... ...Guys Do It All The Time.
It's hard for me to believe that the new Star Wars trailer has already been seen millions of times. How do they even know where it's parked?
What do you call it when an inmate takes a picture of their-self? A Cellfie
Why are female schoolteachers always so angry? They have periods every half hour!
Knock, knock. ""Who's there?"" ""Annie."" ""Annie who?"" ""Annie body home?""
A crossfitter, a Texan, and a vegan walk into a bar. How do you know? They all tell you within 3 seconds.
A fool guy A man ask another what's you name and from where are u? He replied why would i tell u that my name is jhon and i am from usa.
You're invited to my Oscar party! The theme is movie star cuisine which means there won't be any food.
No one sleeps with Gandalf because it takes him until first light on the fifth day to come.
What is more dangerous than a polar bear? A bi-polar bear.
I thought I was wrong once But I was mistaken
An apple a day Keeps the government away
There's only two things I hate in this world: intolerance... and the Portuguese.
Say what you want about deaf people
What do you call a parrot when it has dried itself after a bath? Polly unsaturated!
The Anesthesiologist has become Comfortably numb.
""So....sad.....must...text...everyone I know..."" ~ Girls
Did you hear about the the horse that got shot? He's in stable condition.
I forgot my U-bend was blocked when I went to the toilet... I soon remembered, when it all came flooding back.
What do you call Batman who skips church? Christian Bail
Women: underwear are not hot pants/short shorts. THEY ARE UNDERWEAR AND YOU GIVE ME A BONER
I've got hoes in different area codes. (I'm very careless with my gardening tools.)
Cop: Know why I stopped u? Scientist: No Cop: How much science u do tonite? Scientist: Just one-[test tube falls from coat] Cop: Get out
People at my work name their food.. .. today I ate a lasagna named Peter
God: You finish all 11 commandments? Moses: About the 11th one... God: What? Moses: Check yourself before you wreck yourself? God: Fine, 10.
Some lady at Olive Garden died, so we're rummaging through her stuff. Just like a real family.
What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of co-ordination? HAND-EYEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!
I consider each one of my friends a gift. Now if only I could remember where I put some of those receipts...
If the headline just read ""Kanye West Acts Like a Shithead" news sites could reuse it over and over again.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot kill, the courage to blow up the things I can, and the wisdom to not get caught.
The guy blaring the self help CD at the red light in the rusted car with no bumpers wasn't amused when I said, ""I don't think it's working""
My wife is like Pokemon Soon as I throw out my balls she runs off.
I hate three things in this world: math
What did the guy in China say to the Chinese couple who finally got approved to adopt? Con-grab-ur-asians!!
""Thats a sexy little outfit your wearing"" I said. ""I bet you want my cock in you"". ""Dave"", my wife said, ""do you know I can hear you on the baby monitor?""
Which film star is always jumping around the forest? John Treevaulter.
The most diverse software company in the world consists of 100% black lesbian single mothers missing a body part, with arts degrees
My girlfriend was dropping all these hints about tying the knot or taking the plunge... so I tied a rock around her ankle and pushed her off the pier. She hasn't called since...
My stats teacher told me I was average. I thought that was mean.
Think of how old we're gonna feel when Honey Boo Boo dies from an overdose.
I like my men like I like my coffee... Nowhere near my vagina. A little lesbian humor....I'm not gay I just couldn't resist....too good :)
What do you use to check your cell from across the room? A telephono lens.
Animal testing is pointless. We already know they're animals.
What song do pigs sing on New Year's Eve?  Auld Lang Swine.
SCIENTISTS: We've discovered a massive black hole with no obvious qualities ME: Ok wow I'm right here
I hate when you forget to wear a belt and have to shoot heroin using the blood pressure machine at walgreens.
Cop: [knocks] Dinosaur: can I help you? Cop: we've had reports of small arms fire [Flaming T-Rex runs past screaming]
If a blind girl says you have a big dick.. She probably is just pulling your leg.
Do you ever get the feeling that you're being watched? Because if it's bothering you I'll stop.
Had to stop watching Game of Thrones with my parents tonight, because of all the sex. So I've recorded it to watch after they've finished.
What do you do when you are riding a horse, and a cheetah and ostrich are chasing you? You get your drunk ass off the carousel!
Why do women have legs? Have you seen the mess snails make?
Modern Haircuts by Sean Head
8yo: Do we have a fire extinguisher? Me: Yes. 8yo: Where? Me:... 8yo: WHERE! 6yo: (from outside) It's spreading. Me: I'm up.
Nice selfie, I love the way the light brings out the bat sh*t crazy psycho in your eyes.
me: wow the stars are beautiful gf: omg babe they really are me: u know who else is beautiful? gf: *blushes* who? :3 me: Harambe
Why is the Canadian Mint so confusing? Because they don't make any cents.
What is Donald Trump's favorite holiday? Cinco De Porto!
What do you do if your lawnmower stops working? Deport him back to Mexico
I give this cheese an ""A"" I grated it myself
If you don't boo at people after bad sex how do you expect them to ever get better?
I have a nice body. It's out in the trunk.
Why does the police officer get up early in the morning? To beat the crowds.
Babe Ruth Walks Into a Bar Bartender says ""Why the Long Balls?
If your kid complains about how bored they are during winter break put a cape on them and say, ""Now you're super bored!"" and then fly away.
How did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend? ""I just need some space.""
What do you call a door only prostitutes use ? Hodor
How does the Ultimate Warrior repair his car? With parts unknown.
How many hours A guys asked he's wife ""how many hours will it take me to get to 80 miles going 80mph"" the wife looks at him confused and answers ""80 hours""
Why did the chicken kill himself? To get to the other side.
What is Minion's favourite brand? Banana Republic~BA~NA~~NA~~~
Don't go to a fight with a gun or a knife, Bubblewrap yourself, People won't fight when there's bubblewrap
A food truck rodeo is a lot like the game The Oregon Trail You circle your wagons. You trade money for food. And it usually ends with dysentery.
The pleasure is all mine... The greeting of a greedy hedonist.
I'm such a daredevil. I put ALL my eggs in one basket at the grocery store.
Why do asians have such squinty eyes? Because atomic bombs are pretty bright.
Batman: ""I am...**BATMAN!**"" ""Hi, Batman, I'm not Dad because yours already died when you were a kid.""
UPS, FedEx, and DHL trucks should play a jingle like ice cream trucks so we know when our packages are coming.
a C, Eb, and a G walk into a bar... The bartender says ""sorry we don't serve minors here" so the Eb walks out and the C and the G have a fifth between them.
I'm going to open a restaraunt called pantera bread It will be similar to panera bread, but the food we serve will be much heavier
Q: What has Clinton done that no one has  been able to do in the last 5 years? A: Unite the Republican Party.
How Many Hillary Supporters Does It Take To Screw In A Lightbulb? Why NONE of course, they prefer to remain in the dark!
Why are the British known for keeping a stiff upper lip? Because it hides their teeth.
Pete and Repeat were on a boat. Pete fell off, so who was left?
What happens when you drop a piano in a mine? A Flat Minor
Eating a banana. Thought I should tell you. Twitter seems concerned about women getting enough potassium. But... why can't I use my teeth?
I bet r/clocks is blowing up right now. [x-post from Showerthoughts]
To say Nirvana wasn't the most influential early 90s band would be... A denial, a denial, a denial, a denial...
An orgasm a day keeps the doctor away. I had a terrible stomachache for 2 days. It was worse than period pain. I masturbated for 30 minutes non-stop and now i feel great. :3
Start here. Now go to that side. Back to this side. that side again. now this side ok that side this side 1 more time now front (bed making)
The concepts of ""History"", ""Discovery"", and ""Learning"" should be embarrassed by each of their respective Channels.
Why do Chicken Coops have two doors? Because if they had four doors, they would be a chicken sedan. *slaps knee*
Does anybody know the name of that Godzilla Movie? It's the one where another monster actually breaks one of Godzilla's legs. I can't remember the name of the movie, but it has a huge cast.
I realized today why some people spend their lives looking for bigfoot. He doesn't exist.
What do you call a gay man's balls? Mud flaps
What would happen if Leafy went to The Filthy Frank show? Chin-chin would leave.
If you replace the ""W"" in ""where"" ""what"" and ""when"" with ""T"" you get answers to the questions.
Why are rivers lazy? Because they never get off their beds.
My 20y/o brother went to Elementary school.. To learn firebending
What's a control freaks favorite macro? Control+U
What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection? A Quarter-Pounder with Cheese.
What's the difference between a Russian ambassador and a chicken? The Russian ambassador is Turkey
Sex is like listening to the Beatles Your parents do it and it somehow doesn't make it less cool. Shout out to CH, because I heard it here.
[After date, walking her to her door] Her: Thanks. I would invite you in, but I don't want to.
Have you seen Stevie wonders new house? He hasn't either
My priest was pretty upset today. Nobody at mass bought him a Father's Day card.
I used to own a racing snail... It never won though. To improve its performance I removed its shell but, if anything, it made it more sluggish
What I hate most. I hate people who never finish their sent
What do toys and boobs have in common? **They were both originally made for *kids*, but *dad* ends up playing with them!**
Whats blue and doesn't fit anymore A dead epileptic
My girlfriend and I decided we aren't ready for a baby yet, so I double-bagged it. It worked
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Bcuz 7 8 9!
Every time I have sex with a woman I always assume she has herpes... ...that way I don't have to tell her about mine.
What do you call an 83 year old black man? Dick Gregory
Life is like a game of chess The whites have the advantage
How do you piss off Winnie the Pooh? Put two fingers in his honey.
We had a pop quiz in culinary school today. It was a piece of cake.
SON: I'm moving out as soon as I turn 18 and you can't stop me. ME: [pumping fist] If you insist.
Why did the detective wear a patch on his left eye? It's his private eye.
What do you call a political conservative woman who is required to always be there? Amanda Tory
THEM: You can't go wrong with this recipe. ME: Watch me.
Someone please recommend a self-help book that can teach me how to sleep through an alarm.
So I asked my dad... So I asked my dad during Christmas dinner if anything were home made? He replied ""definitely not you.""
What do you do when a cannibal eats a vegetable? Throw away the wheelchair
So I was at Legoland the other day and I saw a couple making out I thought it was inappropiate so walked up to them and said ""Come on guys, this is Legoland. Build a room.""
High joke A cop stops a man and asks ""how high are you?"" The man replies."" That is wrong english. You should say 'Hi how are you?'""
Why did the snail cross the road ? It is not clear yet , let it cross the road first. Update : It has been confirmed that it was to meet the Chicken who crossed the road earlier.
I'm starting to think people are having babies solely for the Facebook likes.
What is 19 cm long, pink and my girlfriend screams when i put it in her mouth? her abortion
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb? One. But only if the light bulb wants to change.
A ""clear memory"" button, but for my brain. And while we're at it, a ""delete cookies"" button, but for my thighs.
Q: Why did the haunted house not like rain? A: Because it dampened his spirits.
Moves shopping cart to allow car to park Lady doesn't even say thanks Puts cart back behind her car Leaves.
What's sexist and not a concern for feminist? Misandry
Rap videos are completely unrealistic. Nobody has that many friends.
""tell... my wife... i loved her..."" carl dies. NOO! U LOVED HER WHAT?! *shakes body* U LOVED HER... TITYS? HER CAT? *slaps face* PLS WAKE UP
Some days I ask, ""What would Chewbacca do?"" And the answer is always, ""Make that gargly roaring sound."" So that's what I do.
I refuse to text and drive... I always end up spilling my beer.
Knock knock... Who's there? Go fuck yourself.
*sees a guy snap fingers at a server. I reach for my bag* Wife: No. We only have one left. We have a baby. Me: (to genie) take his fingers
My inappropriate uncle told me this one when I was 11: Where do cousins come from? ant holes
If diet and exercise are not working for you, try actually dieting and actually exercising.
I wish I had emo hair So it would cut itself.
In future period films set in the late 2000s/early 2010s, I hope they accurately portray all 16:9 televisions showing stretched 4:3 content.
My wife drove us into town today, she parked up in a sidestreet. I said, ""I'll get a taxi from here."" ""Where to?"" She replied. ""To the f*cking kerb.""
When people shorten words for no reason it makes me want to commit murds.
Why did the cowboy get a daschund Because he wanted to ""get a long little doggie""
The female praying mantis... knows how to get ahead in life.
What goes ""Clippity Clop Bang Bang, Clippity Clop Bang Bang""? An Amish drive by shooting
How many mexicans do you need to screw a lightbulb? Juan
INTERVIEWER: What do you see as your biggest weakness? ME: INTERVIEWER: ME: MY MOTHER: He's not good at speaking up for himself
*stands over dads casket* ""Mom isn't doing well, dad."" *puts hand on dad's shoulder* ""You need to stop building caskets. It's creepy.""
My girlfriend said she wanted to experiment a bit in the bedroom we synthesised a new protein chain
What do you call it when you kill an important donkey? An Assassassination. I made it up when I was seven and to this day its the only thing I've ever made up that resembles a joke.
I need a thingy to fix the thingy because the thingy came loose and the thingy is wiggly now. Do you sell those? -Me, at Home Depot
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? ..because it was dead
ShittyJokeExplainBot walked into a bar. He didn't order anything. Wait for it...
Why did the hipster fail making ice cubes for his bourbon? Because he pulled out the tray before it was cool
""Lie flat on your backs class and circle  your feet in the air as if you were riding your bikes"" said the gym  teacher. ""Fred! What are you doing? Move your feet boy.""  ""I'm freewheeling sir.""
What's the difference between a pizza and a baby I won't rape the pizza before I put it in the oven
Our Unabashed Dictionary defines wet dream... As the winner of a damp-t-shirt contest.
Dear funny, I picked up the wrong sandwich at Subway Oops, wrong sub!
I've had a really bad day. First, my wife got ran over by a bus. Then, I lost my job as a bus driver.
Why did the mushroom get invited to the party? Because he was a fungi
What do you get if you cross pigs with a lot of grapes ? A swine gut !
I'm worried that I'm gonna get a super judgey coroner.
Federal Express is to merge with United Parcel Services The resulting company will be called Federal United Parcels Or FedUp for short
Safety Tip: lock your doors and windows before bed. Btw, I love what you've done with the place.
What do you get if you cross a giraffe with a dog ? An animal that barks at low flying aircraft !
You may think it's a good idea to go to weight watchers to meet women... but actually the ones there are quite hard to pick up.
That sunken Nazi submarine they just found is a lot like my girlfriend Dead and full of seamen
My favorite episode of Friends is the one where blacks mysteriously vanish and unemployed white people find affordable housing in Manhattan.
What do you call a Mexican that's lost his car? Carlos
What is Hilary Clintons favorite part about going to the beach? Her Flip-Flops.
I hate these supposedly ""funny t-shirts"". Just the other day I saw one which on the front said ""I'm not gay..."" and on the back said ""but my boyfriend is"". So I asked my girlfriend to take it off.
""No points, illegal kick to the face."" ""But I'm the hero of this movie."" ""Fair enough, here's your trophy."" -The Karate Kid
What's the best joke you ever heard? For me, it's gotta be Emo Phillips' Baptist joke. Although to tell it you've gotta get his execution down.
Usually, the one you want, is the one you can't have.
What is the National bird of Pakistan? Drone
Radio One has banned its DJs from playing Madonna songs, saying that at 56 she is old and irrelevant. Yeah, at the BBC they only like them young.
What did the doctor say to the angry midget? ""I'm going to ask you to be a little patient.""
What did the Eskimo lady ask her husband when they were having sex? Are you even Inuit?
Matchbooks exist just to be clues in detective movies.
This Christmas I got a new car for my wife. I thought it was a great trade.
My dad told me ""Son if you don't stop masturbating you'll go blind"" I told him ""Dad I'm over here""
So my friend gave me half a pie... So i said, ""No that's one pi""
What do you call four bees?? ....Be-fore
All of the construction that was slowing down traffic during the summer is over now. I don't know why they can't repair those cones indoors.
Thought I saw a brownie walk by but it was just my dog. Other than that, diet is going well.
Why is the all-lisp percussion section so quiet? Because thimbles aren't very loud.
WHAT DO WE WANT? A NAP!! THEN WHY ARE WE YELLING?
What do you call a girl who plays tennis on her knees? Courtney.
Didn't think these orthopedic shoes would work, but I stand corrected.
NEW EXPRESSIONS ""Kanye bless you."" ""Kanye damn it!"" ""One nation, under Kanye."" ""Thank Kanye Almighty!"" ""The Kanyefather, Part II""
Why did the cowboy get a dachshund? Cause he was told to get a long little doggy.
Tarantulas make great pets because when they die, rather than grieving you'll feel an almost overwhelming sense of relief
What do they call Miley Cyrus in France? Kilometrey Cyrus.
What is the best way to talk to a vampire? By long distance.
When I text ""K."", I worry my amigos will think I'm asking them to repeat themselves but then I remember that this joke is terrible.
the american journal of medicine says diarrhea is hereditary. .. ...it runs in the jeans.
Now that food has replaced sex in my life, I cant even get into my own pants.
Don't mess with me! I've got a black belt... It's brown on the other side.
GF: ""Call me ASAP, it's an emergency!"" Me: ""Hi ASAP, it's an emergency!""
Terrorist Pick-Up Line ""Hey girl, is your ass America? Because I want to destroy it.""
I have decided to write all my jokes in capitals from now on. This one was written in London.
A crocodile goes to the doctor.. It turns out the crocodile was suffering from ereptile dysfunction.
Friend at Memorial Day BBQ: I see you wasted no time with the white pants. Me: These are my legs.
me: honey, I'm home! [shuts door] girlfriend: (from bedroom) oh yeah harder me: if you say so [slams door]
ELI5: What is it like to mod r/news? This thread has been locked. You will unable to vote or comment.
Why are condors such efficient fliers? All their luggage is carrion.
Every time I approach girls they inexplicably shoot away from me. Can't say definitively if I have the force but... The correlation is strong with this one.
""The world needs an arbiter of good taste and common sense, and I am fully qualified for that job."" - every living human
What do you call a priest giving a long, boring sermon? An anes-theologist. (close enough)
HR: Can you explain this?? Me: I thought it was CORNhub, with recipes on how to make delicious corn and corn related dishes
*tips fedora at mosquito* M'laria
The police didn't believe me when I told them I found a flying carpet... They called the whole thing fabricated.
What do you call that lever on a desk chair that adjusts lower back support? The Lumbar Jack
ME: Well, time to make like a tree, and leaf. HER: *giggling* So, my place or... ME: *starts sprouting leaves from my fingers* HER: WHAT THE
I lose bobby pins in my hair. Please don't ask me to babysit your kids.
Drinking this No More Tears shampoo is just making me sadder.
You should never tease a fat girl with a lisp. She's probably thick and tired of it.
What's the difference between a hockey player and a hippie chick? The hockey player takes a shower after three periods.
What do you call a cannibal that eats relatives? Munchkin.
Did you know if you weigh yourself, then take a dump, then weigh the dump & weigh yourself again, you'll be banned from Walgreens for life?
Not to brag or anything, but I scored 4 points on flappy bird before my phone mysteriously flung itself across the room
On one hand, your leaving a wadded up Kotex on the bathroom floor is a great appetite suppressant. On the other hand, that's fucking gross.
If you fall I will be there - Floor
MOM: putting him in sports was a bad idea DAD: yup ME (in right field wearing my cup on my face): hey coach look at me I'm Bane lol
Hear about the baby with AIDS? It never gets old...
Where do the happy people of Baltimore live? In a merry land.
these raccoons are a bad influence on me
What do you call a tire named after Ferris Bueller? A Ferris Wheel.
Want to hear a joke about /r/science ? [Deleted]
So i went to my first fight club gathering I arrived a little late, so i did not catch the first part, but i had a great time. I recommend it to everybody.
What did the mortician say to the corpse? We're gonna need more lube.
What do you call a black man on the moon An astronaut, you racist.
""Johnny Depp looks good in that outfit!"" ""That's Diane Keaton.""
Gas dropped to 77 cents a gallon in some places in Michigan. But don't bother, it was leaded.
""They say penguins can't fly. Can't? Or never got the chance?"" I whisper in the penguin's ear, shoving him out of the aircraft.
Why can't you trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
Why did the blonde cross the road? I don't  know. Neither did she!
If you have Parkinson's disease... ...that means you stutter in sign language.
My chair at work is really uncomfortable. I wonder if a stool softener will work.
What do you call a fish who went to medical school? A sTurgeon
A man with Deja vu walks into a bar.
I've only seen Magic Mike, can I see Magic Mike XXL... ...or do I need to see the other 28 in between first?
There's a band called 1023MB They haven't had any Gigs yet...
Just did some crunches while hugging my cat Just trying to get purrfect abs
What do you call a red lemon? a Lenin. 
[old couple feeding ducks in the park] ""Nothing could ruin this Edna"" *I scare all the ducks away, punch the old man and steal their bread
Quick question... How much of this ""No More Tears"" shampoo do I have to feed this baby to get it to stop crying?
Jokes about menstrual cycles are stupid Period.
I'm not crying Those damn ninjas are cutting onions again
What's the most useful material? Scratch. You can make anything from scratch.
Hungry priests A group of hungry priests walk into a restaurant. One orders the fish. They all leave satisfied.
Currently, the Olympic host country has... One brazillian medals.
An horse walks into a bar. The customers get up and leave, recognizing the danger that may cause an animal of that size.
Snow White actually hallucinated the Seven Dwarves the whole time. She was a high hoe.
Nothing says ""I love you"" like my cat aggressively bathing herself immediately after I pet her.
Him: Your body is like poetry Me: That's so nice! H: A haiku M:.. H: Little on the top, big in the middle, little on the bottom M: Just stop
I plan on starting a geek rap band... I think I'll call it Run-D.L.L.
Why are aussie bogans and necrophiliacs the same? They both want to crack open a cold one.
Why did the period and and semicolon break up? Because they had nothing in comma
[Turing Test] Tester: Let's start with an easy one, the square root of 29241? Subject: 171! Tester: Subject: I meant, idk math is hard. lol
What's heavier 200 pounds of bricks or 200 pounds of feathers? The feathers. because you have the weight of the feathers and you have to carry around the weight of what you did to those poor birds.
In what situation would you need Nancy to come out of the ground? in an emergenancy
What does a tickle me Elmo get before it leaves the factory? Two test tickles
Girl in front of me at the store this morning bought a Kool-Aid Burst and a big Slim Jim. Heroes walk amongst us, folks. Real life heroes.
""Comedians"" don't RT because? A. Their tweets are pure gold. B. This is just a joke-tryout site. C. They know we're all funnier than them.
Whenever I hear about a kid getting in trouble with drugs, I like to tell him this story.
It's not that I accept the Terms and Conditions. It's just that I would rather not spend the rest of my life reading them.
Why did the chicken dance with a fig? It couldn't get a date.
A man walks out of a bar... drunk and looks at his watch,it says 10:00 and after a few seconds it changes to 10:01 and he yells out ""I time travelled!""
A Stupid Boyfriend Thought LOL Meant ""Lots Of Love"". So He Sent This Text To His Girlfriend"You Are Only Girl Of My Life.......LOL"".
[airplane intercom] good afternoon ladies and gentlemen this is your captain speaking why did you leave without me
What would you get if you crossed a  snowman and a vampire? Frostbite !
Muslims are boycotting Delta... Now making Delta the safest airline
A horse walks into a bar... and the bartender asks, ""hey, why the long face?""
Police: Why didn't you report your stolen credit card? Man: The thief was spending less than my wife. Police: Then why are you reporting it now? Man: I think now the thief's wife has started using it!
When I see someone pushing a dog in a stroller I understand why the news is filled with murder.
What comes after sextillion? Babytillion! (Creds: my math professor who has her doctorate in mathematics)
There are three types of people in this world: The ones who can count, and the ones who can't.
Sixteen sodiums walk into a bar... ...followed by Batman.
The gardener at my work put beer in the garden to catch slugs SO GUESS WHO JUST BECAME A SLUG
Fall is Pumpkin time In the south, they think its time to screw their cousins Pump kin
What do you call a psychic who is neither elated or depressed A happy medium
What has 4 wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
My girlfriend left because of my terrible Arnold Schwarzenegger impression. But don't worry... I'll return.
What was wrong with the homeless guy's IPad It was missing a home button!
What is the heaviest surgical intervetion that can be done to women ? Getting money and dicks out of their minds.
Two Arabs are on a plane. One orders a bottle of Champagne and asks the other ""do you want some?"". The other replies ""No thanks, I'll have to drive soon"".
If I had a dollar for every gender that there is... If I had a dollar for every gender that there is, I'd have 2 dollars.
One day a blonde and her friend were walking through the park. Suddenly the blonde's friend said ""Oh look a dead birdie!"" The blonde looked up and said ""Where?""
I've written a musical called Fish. It's very similar to Cats, although Memory's a lot shorter.
White boards aren't just great They're remarkable
What's the difference between Bud Light and piss? The vortex bottle
If there is a difference between a minor inconvenience and the end of the fucking world, you'd never know if from my histrionics.
I'm old school when it comes to video games and by that I mean I turn into a senior citizen who yells ""which one am I?"" every 30 seconds.
Yo mama's so fat... ...when she died, she had to be preserved in formalda-wide. She then had to be whipped creamated. If she wasn't, they would have had to given her an open-graveyard funeral.
My dad once said 'why are hemorrhoids called hemorrhoids and asteroids called asteroids and not the other way around?' I still laugh...
What's the difference between Iron Man and iron woman? Iron Man is a superhero. Iron woman is a command.
So then I said, ""Spit on it first, then see if it'll fit."" ...And that's why my wife no longer allows me to help our son with puzzles.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get away from Tyson.
[Lawyer] ""I can't stress this enough. You cannot plead that you're a wizard ok?"" ""ok"" [Later in court] ""I plead that im a wizard your honor""
Racist Jokes are all the same Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.
Calling someone a drama queen is so negative. Why not ""content creator""?
84% of Schools Scored Below Average on SATs First person who gets this joke will be upvoted.
What happens when a muppet gives you a blowjob? A handjob
[God making African animals] Screw it. Just put stripes on a horse, make that water lizard really big, and put spots on a really tall deer.
Why does Bernie know he'll win the elections? Because his good friend Nostradamus told him he would.
There is a clerk at the butcher shop. He is 5'10"" and wears size 13 sneakers. What does he weight? Meat.
How does a plant walk? It uses a plant stand.
You can catch a lot of flies with honey, but you can catch more honeys by being fly.
Paris Hilton is worried ISIS will target her because she's famous. Paris Hilton doesn't realize that ISIS didn't exist in 2004.
Today I asked my mom what she did for a living, she replied ""I'm a headmaster"". To which my dad replied ""yeah she is""
About to eat at the Cheesecake Factory/commit a hate crime against my butthole.
A whorehouse got burned down today... Some came out running, and some ran out cummimg.
One time my teacher was telling a story about war and the girl in front of me slowly opened her laptop and liked Downy on Facebook.
'I'm Spartacus' 'No I'm Spartacus' 'I am Spartacus' 'I AM Spartacus' 'I'm Spartacus' 'Look I just need someone to sign for the package'
I hate using abbreviations idk y i h8 it doe
This is your pilot speaking. If you have any requests, please give them to the flight attendant. Anyway, here's Wonderwall.
How do you spot a blind man on a nudist beach? It's not hard.
Who broke into the tampon factory? (warning: offensive) Some bloody cunt.
*sees guy buying toilet paper* ahahaha that's gonna be for poop
What do you call a scary pterodactyl A terroradactyl
""I prefer their older stuff"" -Archaeologists
I went to a feminist picnic the other day... It was great, apart from the fact that no one made any sandwiches.
*pulls handle on slot machine *prune *prune *prune *diarrhea comes out
""The hits just keep on coming."" - A radio Dj/abusive parent.
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Israel? Hillary won't suck Bill's dick.
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb? None. That's a hardware problem.
When she screams ""deeper!""... But you're all out of poems.
Treat her like she's the only girl on Earth. Nothing makes a woman happier than the thought of every other woman disappearing forever.
My favorite hobby is pretending to be surprised when my credit card is declined.
If there's no God, why are feet naturally shoe-shaped?
Did you hear about the mathematician who hated negative numbers? He would always stop at nothing to avoid them.
How many Bros does it take to change a lightbulb? None cuz it's already lit af
I just brushed a whole tooth without looking at twitter
I was quite an upbeat child, I used to think CCTV was a very, very positive Spanish television channel
Me and my husband Atilla got into an argument I told him ""hun, let's not fight"".
What do you call an Ox with a gluten allergy? A silly-yak.
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - King Kong Barbie ...six foot tall ape holding Barbie doll dressed like Fae Rae
Never Trust an Atom. They make up everything!
*Throws Pizza party *B.Y.O.Pizza *Gather All the pizza's *Kicks everyone out.
So there I was hanging from the ledge... When I thought ""hold on a minute...""
Obama: any good ideas in how to defeat isis? *Biden raises hand* Obama: besides assembling the Avengers? *Biden lowers hand*
What do you call a nun that sleepwalks? A Roamin' Catholic.
It's impossible to beat God in gymnastics. He always wins the all-around.
A favourite high school teacher's go-to Knock Knock joke. Knock knock. *-Who's there?* Interrupting cow. *-Interrup-* **MOO**
Why do Asian parents never have a white baby? Cause two Wongs don't make a white
I caught my employee sleeping on my office couch today. I didn't know if I should fire him, or tell him what I did on it last night.
My voicemail message is just instructions on how to send a text message with brief pauses filled with heavy sighing.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but I'd love to be the bear of bad news. ""The bad news is, you're gonna need stitches. RAWR!""
""Awww look my boyfriend left his Facebook open, I'm going to log him off without checking his inbox.""  Said no woman ever
College parties are great: You're taking shots with future doctors and the next Supreme Court judge is throwing up in the bathroom.
Twitter=Whats happening? FB=Whats on your mind? FourSquare= Where am I? Quora=what? Youtube=What Im watching. LinkedIn=Whats in it for me?
what do you call a cow with two legs? Lean meat!!
NASA claims that they've just discovered blood sucking bugs on the moon. They're a bunch of lunatics.
knock knock Who's There? Do you ya Do you ya who? No, It's 2014 I use Google
How does a Jew make his tea? Hebrews it!
Why did the chicken cross the road? To show the deer how it's done.
Male Feminists That's it. That's... that's the joke.
Pinterest is a great place to organize ideas you'll never follow through on.
I had a dream about mufflers and tailpipes and woke up exhausted
How do pirates measure rope? In yarr'ds.
What do you call a blonde on a college campus? A visitor
This man's dad was an atheist. Told me he was a god damned mother fucker.
how is Duct Tape like The Force? It has a Dark side, a Light side and it binds the galaxy together.
An elephant joke... What do you give an elephant with diarrhea? Plenty o' room.
Dear law students: my opposing counsel just asked her witness how old she was when she turned 18. You'll be fine.
He died doing what he loved, my now ex-wife
Why did Joseph Goebbels own a pair of binoculars? For proper gander purposes.
I'd like to tell a Whitney Houston joke... ... but then I realized that It's Not right, But It's Okay
Did you hear about the tourist who visited France? He went to Paris and saw an Eiffel
I tried coke once. And then for like another 3 years to make sure I didn't like it
Knock knock. - Who is there? A person that likes to tell anti jokes.
So why don't Southern Belles attend orgies any more? Too many thank-you notes to write
Why did the chicken cross the road? *To get to the other side.*
Why do bees have sticky hair? They use honeycombs.
All good things must come to an end, which means shitty things last forever.
Nietzsche: God is dead God: Nietzsche is dead [they both turn to camera] THAT'S RIGHT, WE'RE DEAD SERIOUS ABOUT OUR MATTRESS PRICES
how is sex like math? You add a bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray there's no multiplying.
That's one healthy flower bed you've got blooming in your backyard. How many bodies do you have buried there? -My attempts at small talk.
So my foreign professor overheard some attractive girls talking about how they like it long and hard. The exam the next morning sucked.
They say shoe size correlates with penis size... ...which makes getting raped by a clown that much more terrifying.
Hippies say the darndest things... What did the hippy say when he was told to get off the couch and get a job? Namaste (pronounced:nah I'ma stay)
I know some folks who could use a 12 step program. Where 11 of those steps should be to the edge of a cliff.
Odd how all the intelligent life finding instruments' are pointed away from earth.
Gimmie a topic and I'll make a joke. Go.
[Girl takes off her clothes] ""You have had sex before right?"" [Me, in a suit of armor & holding a cauliflower] ... ""no actually""
Breaking news!? Shark sighting off Daytona shores. It's the ocean! That's where they live. I saw a bird in the sky. Report that too!
What do you tell someone who constantly uses the word ""of"" instead of ""have""? Fuck of
just remember before you let yourself get riled up over The Grammys.. Who Let The Dogs Out won a grammy
He who goes to bed with itchy butt Wakes with smelly finger . -dad
A Man has a strange disorder. Whenever he gets worked up, he sweats coffee. He really can pore the coffee.
How do you sell a chicken to someone who is hard-of-hearing? HEY!!! DO YOU WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN!?!?!?!
So a masochist meets a sadist... The masochist yells out ""HIT ME! HIT ME!"" The sadist smiles, looks at him and says ""no.""
Do hesitant people order sparagus?
I like .... Every knows I like my kids the way I like farmed chicken Caged I like my kids the way I like my wine 7 years old and in my basement Post some good ones in the comments
what do you call a gathering of nuns a convent-tion
If I had a penny... ...for every time people screwed up their punchline. I'd be one penny richer now.
Well, just got a job at the guillotine factory. I'll beheading there now.
I like my slaves like I like my coffee... Free
Oscar Pistorius gets six years jail. Jail, then home detention, and back to jail. Wow, for someone with no legs he's covering a lot of ground.
What did Stalin say to all the thousands of people he killed? Crimea river
I finally got Tinder ... and after a few matches, I was able to start a campfire
How did the Girl Scout Samoa cookies get their name? Because after you eat one, you want samoa!
I was shocked when I found out just how many techno songs Steven Hawking sings on.
""American Pie"" ruined it for any kid that actually DOES have an amazing story from band camp.
Two monkeys in a bath , the 1st monkey says ""oooooohh ooooohh aaahhhh aaahhhh "" and the second monkey says "" well put more cold in"" .
Why shouldn't you tell a story to a solipsist? Because they won't believe it.
I just got an iPhone 7S for my wife I thought that was a good trade
Why did the Dick go to the 7-11? To get a Slurpee!
*writing suicide letter Goodbye cruel world. Your going to really miss me when I'm gone... Cat: *you're
Why aren't there any jokes about Jonestown? The punchline was too long
Knock Knock Who's there ! Aleta ! Aleta who ? Aleta from the tax man !
My password is my pussy Because apparently my dick isn't long enough
Why Aren't Elephants Allowed On The Beach?... Because they always blow their trunks off!
Why are waste facility managers so successful? Because they're always on top of their shit!
Go down a water slide when it isn't wet. And then you'll understand the importance of foreplay.
Your girlfriend is much prettier with her hair down. And by down' I mean over her face'.
What's the difference between a corn husker with tourettes, and a prostitute with diarrhea? One fits before they shuck, the other shits before they fuck.
Remember, Mondays are fine. It's your life that sucks.
If Betty White killed someone, I wouldn't turn her in.
Me: ""Dude, I brought another dress for you to clean."" Dry cleaner: *takes off headphone* ""Sorry, come again?"" Me: ""No, mustard.""
Fun fact about Germany... Fooled ya... There's nothing funny about Germany
Who granted the fish's wish? Fairy codmother
What's a baby's favorite type of tea? Tit-tea
Surely these children should be in bed by now? - me, anytime after 4pm
My father's sister is obsessed with killing germs, we call her Auntie Bacterial.
there's a jehovah's witness dressed up as a cop who keeps banging on my door, haha nice try buddy
What's the first thing you install on a new computer? The operating system
What is the hardest part of a vegetable? The wheelchair. ^sorry
Where do adolescent gangsters go? The childhood
hi and welcome to hidden chair club. please find your seat
Where do bacteria like to vacation? Germany
It's kind of obvious why Western countries don't eat cat Can you imagine how costly it must be to kill the same animal 9 times before you can eat it?
where is the best way to hide a nutella? i'm nutelling you
Judge: I find him... not guilty *Tom Brady breathes a sigh of relief* Cop: *cuffing him* So that's where the air was, huh? We finally gotcha
*walking with my girlfriend on a beach* *i get down on one knee* ""will you ma..."" *a dog walks past & farts so loud it drowns out my voice*
How big would jupiter be if it was as close to the earth as the moon..... Pretty damn big (courtesy of my daughter)
Read It and Weep: A Book on How to Cry
The problem with political jokes is they get elected. --Henry Cate VII
What did Jarod from subway get on his first night in jail? A foot long
Damn, just found out my highlighter leaked!! Now everything in my bag seems important!
Richard and friend arguing Richard makes good point Richard's friend says mark my words Richard Marx
When life hands you gators, make Gatorade...just kidding-that means life hates you because the gators would totally kill and eat you 1st.
What's the worst punchline on /r/jokes? I haven't got the faintest idea.
5yo: Why is he crying? Me: That's a teardrop tattoo. 5: Oh. Did he shank someone in prison? M: What? 5: Remind him I want extra guacamole.
A shark walked into a bark...
Business people in the UK like their beards like they like their tea Goatee
Why did the adobe acrobat document go to jail? Because it was a pdf file.
I'm glad the Chicago Cubs finally won the World Series. 108 years of hibernation just doesn't seem healthy.
What did the zombie body builder say? GAINSSS!!!
Nothing makes me feel like this exercise plan is working than the whistles & shouts coming from the jail when I run by.
[2 detectives are at a murder scene] ""my god Wilkins. Are you thinking what im thinking?"" ... ""a lasagne driving a car?"" ""Exactly""
""Push harder"" I shouted at my wife while she was in labor... ""Screw you"" she screamed back at me. Bit harsh I thought...... it wasn't my fault the car broke down on the way to the hospital!
What do you call a Chinese man with a video camera?.............Phil Ming
Why couldn't Miss Piggy count to 70? She got a frog stuck in her throat at 69.
In Victoria Secret shop... sir can i help you? yes...does this come in children sizes?
Why do hipsters only use the microwave? Because they don't like conventional ovens.
I am going to tell my friends... That I will show up to their holloween party as Amelia Earhart...then not show up.
How much does a German weigh? Teutons.
LPT: If you ever find that your hard drive has been wiped, don't worry! Just call the NSA, they'll have have all your information backed up
What do you call a deaf lesbian? Earmuff
There are two types of people in the world... Those that can extrapolate from an incomplete set of data
Do not watch the Star Wars Movie! Contrary to its title, it has nothing to do with celebrity feuds.
The Home Alone house is up for sale for 2.4 mil. I'd pay 2.5 (if I had it) just so I could say, ""Keep the change you  filthy animal.""
I felt a rush of culture shock wash over me as I walked through a middle eastern market It was bazaar
2night's funniest bit: a fellow comic enters the room &, given a choice between talking w/ me & w/ a homeless man, chooses the homeless man.
Science at its finest. Why are all subatomic particles gay? Because they are all atoms
The reason angels can fly... ...is that they take themselves lightly. **G. K. Chesterton**
So how do you confuse a blonde Redditor? [Answer](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/2pi5rn/so_how_do_you_confuse_a_blonde_redditor/)
Why did the condom hit the wall? It was pissed off.
NICE SPREAD you know where there are certain things you're not supposed to eat buy you cant help yourself? that's why I can never be a gynecologist
How do you pick out the extroverted engineer? He's the one staring at YOUR feet when he talks
only 10 to live Doctor: ""I'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live."" Patient: ""What do you mean, 10? 10 what? Months? Weeks?!"" Doctor: ""Nine.""
What bounces and makes kids cry? My child support checks.
why did the 2016 presidential election suck? It was a real Hack job.
""WHAT DO WE WANT?"" i havent decided yet ""WHEN DO WE WANT IT?"" i still need a few more mins with the menu you are a really terrible waiter
Whats the difference between an original joke and a repost? I dunno, i just click submit
what is the most common second language in the united states? Dora the Explorer spanish
""Ask your doctor if you're naive enough for Placebo.""
Relationships are a lot like algebra. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
How did Jared Fogle lose so much weight? because he chose from the kids menu
A terrorist walks into a Akbar
What is bread's most deadly sin? Gluteny
Me: ""Could you show me where the self-help books are?"" Librarian: ""No.""
I'm surprisingly calm about Internet spoiling Star Wars to me. Who could believe Kylo Ren is actually vegetarian and grandson of General Akbar
How does a mathematician get Tan? Sin/Cos
Son: DAD! There's a mobster under my bed! Me: Aaw, cute. You mean monster? Son: No [from under the bed] ""Whatcha gonna do 'bout it big guy?""
if you hold a turtle shell up to your ear you can hear a turtle biting on your ear you dumb idiot
What idiot called it the ""Happy Birthday"" song instead of New Age music
I got a hand job yesterday I'm now officially a sign language interpreter
another one What is Khaleds fav number?    11 because it has another 1
Either my daughter has pink glitter in her hair or head lice is way more fabulous than I remember.
Son,wanking will make you blind.. I said dad, I'm over here
[to other patients in psychiatrist's waiting room] I'm not like you people. This is court mandated.
What do women and tornadoes have in common? They both moan like hell when they come and take the house when they leave.
Nothing is impossible. I know a man that once guessed correctly why a woman was mad at him.
""Science HAS gone too far" I whisper, gazing out across the sea of boneless chickens slithering through the farmyard. The Colonel laughs.
How can you tell the Ethiopian diplomat at a political function? He's the one with the gold Rolex around his neck.
Impractical Joke: Replace my girlfriends house cat's with mountain lions so she think's she is shrinking.
Which mythical creature casts no reflection? All of them, technically.
Jeb Bush should come out as being gay to get the Jewish vote. Jews have a strong record of listening to flaming bushes.
I've fallen in love with a pencil and we're getting married... I can't wait to introduce my parents to my bride 2B.
Working for sanitation truly is a thankless job Not only do you have to take your boss's shit, you have to deal with everyones
When angered, the female can text message at speeds of up to 1,600 words per minute.
What is Gucci Mane's favorite kind of cheese? Gruyeauuuurrrrrrrrrr
What do you call a cow which can no longer produce milk? An udder failure.
Him: drink? Me: I have a boyfriend Him: I have a goldfish Me: What??? Him: I thought we were talking about shit that don't matter
What did the porn star wear to court? Birthday suit
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana... and butterflies like margarine.
I'm sorry I showed you snaps from my colonoscopy after you made me look at your ultrasound. I thought we were sharing pics of our innards.
Slaves be like ""Oh, you worked four years for your Bachelors?"" I worked 50 for my Masters
the most efective way to clean ur room, start a creative project, run errands, cook, brush ur teeth and take a shower is to study for a exam
TIL of a man who masturbated in public for 16 hours straight before police arrived. He was wrist strained.
How many frames per second does it take to screw in a light bulb? 30 because that's peasants work.
I say I want a gf but I don't even know what I'd do with one. Do you just kiss her and leave her alone in a corner? How often does it eat?
I never expected my dad to steal from his road construction job... but when I got home all of the signs were there.
The most unrealistic part of cooking shows is when they have enough room in their fridge to fit an entire baking sheet.
The volume of sewage burdening my local treatment works is rising excrementally.
What if earth rotates 30 times faster? Interviewer:""If the Earth rotates 30 times faster, what will happen?"" engineer:""We will get our salary everyday"" :D Think Greedily Act Confidently
I chose to be gay because women are such assholes to me. Fuck em
We're sorry Micky Mouse, but your wife being crazy is not reasonable grounds for a divorce! I didn't say she was crazy. I said she was fucking Goofy!
What do you call a black girl under age 30 named Sarah? Identity thief.
What's the difference between feminists and Nazis? The Nazis shaved.
There are 3 kinds of people in the world. Those who can count and those who can't.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Whithers.
WHAT DO WE WANT? Migraine relief. WHEN DO WE WANT IT? Yell again & they'll never find your body.
If you're nice to an animal, it loves you for life. If you're nice to a person, who the fuck knows what's gonna happen.
There are 7 trillion nerves in the human body and some people manage to get on every one.
How many architects does it take to change a light bulb? Just one but he has to coordinate ten other professionals who are doing this quiet complicated task.
Nothing makes you look like an alcoholic more than not knowing how you got a cut on your face.
i'd tel a joke about classical music But you would'nt be able to handel it.
I didn't think Miss Hilton could consume all those painkillers at once, but wow! Paracetomol!
Hey guys remember to visit Russia Before they visit you.
A horse walks into a pub and the bartender says, ""hey we've got a drink named after you"". The horse responded, ""what, Eric, really""?
What's the difference between the Leafs and a Pornstar? They both get fucked. They both get paid. But only one of them really enjoys it.
Damn girl, you give people cancer. Because you're shining like the sun.
Getting my dad some strong aftershave and a cigarette lighter for Christmas. Can't wait to see his face light up.
What happened to the chinese man who walked into a wall with a boner? He smashed his nose
*flips coin* ""Head or tail?"" Her: That's not how this works!
A nigger a spic and an arab walk into a bar. The arab blows them all up.
Most offensive joke I know Why are dollars green? Because jews collect them before they ripen.
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two. One to screw in the lightbulb and one to hold the penis. I mean ladder, one to hold the ladder.
why did double and triple dog dares go of out style. it's win-win. you either see your friends do stupid things or you win two to three dogs
Was Nicky Minaj born on a highway? Because that's where most accidents happend!
There's a lot of mountains high enough to keep me away from you. You see that Everest mountain? Ain't no way I'm climbing that for you.
Remembering idioms is easy It's not rocket fuel
I've been married to my wife for 34 years. We now only have hallway sex... When you pass each other in the hallway and both just say ""Fuck You""
I've got a good knock knock joke. But you have to start it
Why Did 9Gag Cross The Road? To steal a Reddit User's post on the other side.
I would request a last meal of soda and pop rocks so I could die on my own terms.
Chris Brown was the director of what film? Sucker Punch
[at doctor] can u cough for me please? *coughs* again please *coughs* i see i see. i'm afraid you have a cough
So is Walmart a verb now? As in, ""I'm out of clean underwear, so I'm going to have to Walmart it today.""
I don't know why people get so upset about the death penalty It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, after all.
I was never a big believer in feng shui, UNTIL I took the urinal off my livingroom wall. It's like freaking magic!
My new girlfriend has one leg shorter than the other... Her name is Ilene Wright.
Why can't 2 Asians have a white baby 2 wongs don't make a white
What do you call a black Sasquatch? ...Nigfoot
Don't be racist Racism is a crime, and crime is for black people
Math Teacher: ""If I have 5 bottles in one hand and 6 in the other hand, what do I have?"" Student: ""A drinking problem.""
I'm off to pick the kids up from school. Before their parents get there.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it.
So many people have the name of their university in their bio. ""Nice to meet you, this is who tricked me out of 50 thousand dollars""
Why are so many Germans into scat? Because they appreciate the creativity and artistry of Ella Fitzgerald, and enjoy listening to her music..... while pooping on each other.
Me: *quickly flips through each layer of a Big Mac like a wad of cash* McDonald's employee: [nervously assuring me] it's all there I swear.
wife: You're going to work like that? me: Yeah, it's casual day [20 minutes later] *calls wife* me: Can you bring me a shirt?
I just got a job circumcising elephants. The pay is terrible, but the tips are huge.
I like the phrase ""I wasn't born yesterday"" because it emphasizes the fact that babies are stupid.
Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to fish, he'll add to the global overdepletion of the oceans. So just give him the fish.
Two monkeys get into a bath... The first monkey says: ""OOOO OOO AHHHH AHHHH AHHHH"". The second monkey says: ""Put some cold in then.""
""Do you know why I pulled you over?"" ""You thought I'd like your pretty lights?"" ""Recite the alphabet backwards"" ""I can't even do that sober""
What is the difference between a black man and a bench? A bench can support a family.
I'm vegan until my next paycheck.
What is the difference between a football player and a new pimp? The football player *kicks* *punts.*
Roses are red, violets are fine, I'll be the 6 if you'll be the 9.
Pornography is often frowned upon. But that's only because I'm concentrating.
Everybody laughed at me when I said I was going to be a standup comedian. They're not laughing now.
Honk if you love Jesus. Text while driving if you'd like to meet Him.
What has a tongue, cannot walk, but gets around a lot? Steven Hawking
Arnold Schwarzenegger was asked if he wanted to upgrade to Windows 10. He replied, ""I still love Vista, baby"".
[Me flirting with a twenty something] Him: When last did you get lit? Me: This morning. It was really sunny so I was well illuminated.
Why the hell do they call it fruit punch, like where do they get ""punch"" fr.. *gets knocked out by a grapefruit*
Eleven Years ago Greece won Euro 2004 Today, Greece would be happy with 2004 Euros.
I found a dead girl on the golf course It was a difficult shot, but I was able to chip it over her head and right up onto the green.
*wife comes out in a robe* I'm hiding your present Yes it's wrapped Nooo, it's not in the fridge [5 minutes later] IT'S NOT IN THE FRIDGE!
""Put your hands in the air like you just don't care"" is offensive to those of us in the apathy community. But whatever.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Coffin ! Coffin who ? Coffin and spluttering !
1) ""Obamas spying on you.""2) ""Eh. Cost of being free!""1) ""Obama wants to give you healthcare.""2) ""WHO THE HELL DOES HE THINK HE IS?""
What's denser than a black hole? Your ex.
One my 12-year-old cousin told me What's the difference between broccoli and boogers? Children don't eat broccoli.
I always blurt out, ""SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEND"" in my best Al Pacino Scarface accent when I stand next to a stranger at a urinal.
A knock knock joke I made up when I was 5. Knock knock. ""Who's there?"" Amanda. ""Amanda who?"" A man, duh. (Thought it was hilarious at the time.)
Before social networking you could just completely forget someone existed. And it was great
Q: How many Orthodox Rabbis does it take to change a light bulb? A: Change?
I think I met a medieval water snake But I can't tell if it actually happened or if it was a dream. It was totally Sir Eel.
What's black and white and red all over? A penguin that's been knifed
*kills time while waitimg for train* oh no with time dead the train will never arrive
What's long and green and has an asshole at each end? A St. Patrick's Day parade!
What do you call a midget esse? A paragraph. Because he ain't a full esse.
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says: ""A beer please, and one for the road.""
What did the little mountain say to the big mountain? ""Hi, Cliff ""
I like to stand in crowded elevators facing the wrong way with a confused look on my face, and finally exclaim, ""Oh, it's an ELEVATOR.""
Vegan pizza.... is basically just the box.
Trump made up his very own word for what he will be in less than 2 years ""Unpresidented""
I'm starting to think that the Facebook status update I liked has had absolutely no influence on Government policy at all ...
I would like to learn more about frequencies But whenever I try to measure it, it only Hertz
Daddy, where do oranges come from? Well son, when a red and a yellow really love each other...
What do you call a water on a baby deer? fondue
You haven't experienced awkward until you tickle someone who isn't ticklish.
""hey is that a banana in your pock--"" *his pants open* *a banana steps out* *it walks towards you* *it hugs you* ""u have freed me. thank u
What do snowmen call their offspring?  Chill-dren.
My annual performance review says I lack ""passion & intensity"", guess management hasn't seen me alone with a Big Mac.
Girls always think i'm ugly until they look into my wallet then they think i'm ugly and poor
I think my neighbor might be stalking me because she won't stop googling me. I saw it through my telescope last night
Possum 911: What's your emergency Possum: MY CHILDREN ARE ALL DEAD! Possum 911: You sure they aren't just playing? Possum: Oh yeah
[blind date gets in car] Okay, I wanna have dinner early so we can go to Petco & watch 'em feed the snakes. Unless you wanna do Petco first.
A Match Made in Heaven God grabbed a box of cigarettes and pulled one out. He put it in his mouth when he realized he had nothing to light it with.
My friend said she's had kidney problems since she was 7 I told her it's fine cause once she turns 18 she'll get adult knees
First witch: My beauty is timeless.  Second witch: Yes it could stop a clock.
It was going very smoothly until she noticed my boner of hope.
Anne Frank showed a cunning and resolve that any Jew would have been proud of. Two years rent free.
wife: How was work? [flashback to me being asked to leave the meeting because I couldn't stop giggling after someone said ""abreast""] me:Good
What does a arsonist and a bartender have in common? For special occasions, their cocktails are on the house.
How'd the hillbilly Stump the Trump? He Berned it.
The last one on the news After the protests from the taxi drivers against uber, prostitutes from all over the world started to rise against tinder
I want to own a basketball franchise in Miami and I want to name the team humidy... Then when someone asks if its the heat I can go ""its not the heat, its the humidity.""
There are 5 Types of Matter... Gas Solid Liquid Plasma and most importantly Black Lives
My mate was devasted when a stunning Syrian lady stopped messaging him on a dating site . I told him don't worry there's plenty more refugee's in the sea
Best Comebacks If you want my comeback you can scrape it off your mother's teeth (leave more in the comments)
My ex asked me why I never payed attention to her I told her to repeat that again, the TV was distracting me.
Did you hear the one about the magic tractor? It went down the road and turned into a field
I was at an ATM and this old lady asked me... ...to help check her balance, so I pushed her over.
If a Facebook video says ""you won't believe what happens next"" then I replace ""believe"" with ""care""
What did the boy vampire say to the girl vampire? See you next period.
what do you call it when a prostitute cries while having sex hormones
my penis was in the guinness world records book then the librarian told me to take it out
Who is ISIL's favorite Star Wars character? ADMIRAL ACKBAR! ADMIRAL ACKBAR! ADMIRAL ACKBAR!
Reminding Dad I'm too old for adoption really bums him out because that was one of his favorite threats when I was growing up
How do you call a judge that only gives innocent veredicts because he gave up on law school and knows nothing? a quitter.
ladies, call me a badly designed excel spreadsheet because my D column is unnecessarily large
I've always wanted to be an organ trader But I didn't have the stomach for it.
I went to a club completely infested by tourettes suffering women last night. Any time I approached one they told me to fuck off.
Marmalade Q. What's the difference between jam and marmalade? A. You can't marmalade your cock in someone's arse
I don't know how you women do it. Every time I try to ""sleep my way to the top"" I get woken up and sent to HR.
How many ears does Mr. Spock have? Three. One left ear, one right ear, and a Final Front-ear.
Do you know what my friend said before he kicked the bucket? He said, ""Look how far I can kick this bucket.""
Why don't vegans eat chicken? Because it contains egg...
Why did the mafia cross the road? Hey forget about it
How did the lame person feel when he was teased by people? He couldn't stand it.
The rush I get from completing a crossword puzzle leads me to believe that trying hard drugs would destroy my life within hours.
I got a new job breaking up suicidal couples. I'm not very good at it, two of them already tied the knot.
Cop: where ya headed? ""the gym"" Cop: im gonna save you a lot of embarrassment and arrest you ""thank you so much, officer""
My girlfriend is homophobic... she's afraid I'm a gay.
Yesterday I took laxatives and laughing gas at the same time...... For shits and giggles.
what do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador.
An Italian family is sitting quietly at a table in a restaurant
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? Oh sheeeeeettttt!
How to ruin a movie with one word... **Batman Begins** College **The Longest Yard** Sale **Charlotte's Web** Cam Add your own in the comments!
Why are men smarter during sex? Because they're plugged into a fucking know it all
What do Bud Light and having sex in a canoe have in common? They're both fucking close to water.
Longest joke in the world Here it is: http://www.longestjokeintheworld.com
i have a favorite bike in spin class it looks just like my bed and also its my bed
In Harry Potter, a scar on your forehead means you're a hero. In real life, a scar on your forehead means you got drunk & lack coordination.
Rude lady to me, ""Well I'm sorry but you don't LOOK sick to me."" Me, ""Looks can be deceiving. For example, you don't look stupid.""
I think that pedophiles are fucking immature assholes
There was an awful fight at the seafood restaurant. Four fish got battered!
How did Jesus get so ripped? By doing Crossfit
What's the latest pick-up line at gay bays? Hi - mind if I push in your stool?
This joke is at least 10x dirtier than I thought. . . Volkswagen
What do you call a gay satanist? Sack-Religious
I like how all these people are acting like they've never seen a naked 37 year old man fight 3 security guards at a mall food court before.
I'm so glad we could finally reconnect after all these years because I'd really like your help on my virtual farm.
A Rapist, a Pedophile and a Priest walk into a Bar. He orders a drink.
Do mailmen like opening their own mail or does it feel like work?
Don't you hate when someone has a great tweet idea, but they TOTALLY fuck up the wording, and it's you?
What's the difference between a baby and a submarine? I've never been in a submarine.
How does an idiot call for his dog?  He puts two fingers in his mouth and then shouts Rover.
Did you hear about the origami master who lost his job? His office went paperless.
DOCTOR: I'm afraid I've got bad news ME: *pulls an apple from pocket* DOCTOR: *sweating* GOOD NEWS, I MEANT GOOD NEWS
If Yoda were to do a Chicken impression... If Yoda were to do a Chicken impression and say Cock-a-doodle-doo. Would he be asking someone to draw a penis?
I may or may not have just tried unlocking the wrong car for 15 minutes.
What's the difference between light and hard? You can't sleep with a light on
Yo mama's like the sun you look at her to  long you will go blind!
Two biologists are discussing a new book on amphibians... Biologist 1: What did you think of the chapter on frogs? Biologist 2: Oh it was quite ribbiting.
one of the last times I got really mad was in a parking lot when a single clown got out of an enormous van
The last time someone listened to a Bush, a bunch of people wandered in the desert for 40 years!
Did you hear about the man who cooled to absolute zero? He's 0k
""Oh, look! She's drinking vodka, let's kill her!"" - Spiral staircases
Hand Sanitizer: Helping us discover paper cuts we never knew we had
Knock knock. Who's there? 9/11 9/11 who? You said you'd never forget!
Q: Why was the blondes' belly button sore ? A: Because her boyfriend was blonde too.
My husband's safe word is 'CRAMP!'
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bucket of shit? The Bucket
What do you call a person who is outstanding in their field? A farmer
Why do black men weep when they make love to white women? Mace.
Two fish are in a tank. One turns to the other and says How do you drive this thing
How are a piano and a squirrel alike? They both aren't artichokes
Guy exposes himself with a boner and is arrested. How did he get off? It wouldn't stand up in court
My sexuality is like classic literature. There's not really any action, and most people are just confused by it.
*lights a joint* Woah, fire! Ow! My elbow!
Saw a big girl wearing really short, shredded denim shorts. I'm going to assume those were jeans before she hulked out.
TIL the Hebrews were betrayed and captured by the Egyptians after walking through the Red Sea The event was named ""Moses' double cross"".
Came out to my parents at Christmas. Later that day my nephew asked to play hide and go seek. Now I'm back in the closet.
What kind of party do prisoners in jail  like most of all. A going-away party.
*Brings a hammer to a thumb war.*
How do you say Thanksgiving in Native American? Last Supper
[meets a cute girl from Scotland] ""Ummm hi your people make fantastic tape""
Some songs contain sirens which alert you to the fact that you have shitty taste in music.
Woman to friend at store: We can get shrimp for people who don't eat meat! Me: don't forget the cheese for the lactose intolerant people!
How do you make a dead baby float ? Two scoops of ice-cream and one scoop of dead baby.
Why would you put a laxative In pot brownies? Shits and giggles.
There's a party in my pants and everyone's invited but nobody ever shows up. I wish my pants would stop throwing parties. It's humiliating.
I asked the girl I've been dating to see Fifty Shades of Grey with me this weekend, but I think she's worried were moving too fast. She seemed concerned and said she didn't want to be tied down.
14 called me an idiot today No, I don't have a 14-year-old child I mean 14 people
Why does the Pirate Wear Camouflage Underwear? To hide his booty.
Chuck Norris doesn't have blood. He is filled with magma.
Britney is stranded on an island Britney is starving Britney forms tool out of rocks and sticks Britney sees a fish Britney Spears
The artist formerly known as Prince. . Is now formerly known as alive.
A British soldier meets an Australian soldier on a warzone **British soldier**: Did you come here to die? **Australian soldier**: Nah mate, I came here yesterday!
I before E except after C. Yes another myth disproven by science.
The good news is it wasn't a bug. The bad news is I beat the crap out of a black bean on the floor with my shoe.
trying to write a mystery novel about a cat detective but I keep getting stumped every time he has to open a door
Why cant you suprise a snow man? Because its an inanimate object.
Where do you find a dog with no legs? Where you left him.
my shower thoughts kept getting deeper and deeper and deeper... then i realized it was because i had the drain-plug in.
I before E except after C and In old Mcdonnald had a farm.
I prefer shampoo to the real thing.
An Irishman walks out of a bar . . .
How do you join a Vampire Fan Club? Send your name address and blood group.
''Daddy, i'm gonna shoot Bacon out of the sky'' ''Yeah, when pigs fly''
Whats the worst thing about manufacturing tabletops? It's counterproductive
What's the only part of a vegetable you can't eat? The wheelchair.
Call me old fashioned, but I think any woman that can open the lid of a jar by herself is a witch.
what do you call a asian with one leg i lean
HI, I'M STEVE'S CAPS LOCK KEY, AND I'D LIKE TO MEET OTHER CAPS LOCKS KEYS. I'M INTERESTED IN BOATING AND HIKING.
Crazy documentary about two people who are stalker-obsessed with '80s teen idol Tiffany.
The only excuse for the kinds of storms that have been coming is that someone somewhere is losing a game of Jumanji...
What's the difference between Voldemort and Tyrion Lannister? One had a horcrux, the other had a whorecrush..
Sorry 2015, but I just got out of a year-long relationship with 2014 and I'm not looking for anything serious right now.
I always assume girls who wear ponytails love sucking d*ck. (I assume the same about guys with ponytails as well)
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? ""That's not funny.""
You now that fucker that always needs to have the last word? He is called Edit.
What is 32% black, 45% white... ...gets lit up and changes to blue and red at night? Chicago.
Batman would probably be a better crime-fighter if he wasn't making movies all the time.
Goats have it all figured out. All disputes should be settled with an aggressive series of headbutts.
Why was the baby strawberry sad? His mom was in a jam.
The police came to my door and told me my dogs were chasing people on bikes My dogs don't even have bikes
The longest Joke in the world. I don't know if its ever been posted on here but here it is again if it has! http://longestjokeintheworld.com/
Guy calls 911... ...says, ""Help me, help me, my wife's having a baby!"" 911 Operator says, ""Ok, sir, remain calm, is this her first child?"" Guy says ""No, it's her fucking husband!""
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping Tom? One snatches your watch and the other watches your snatch.
*buys roofies, slips then into girlfriends drink, plays video games for 8 hours straight in peace and quiet*
Knock knock. (Who's there?) Ric Flair. Ric Flair WHOOO?!
On the subject of jokes we made up as kids, what do you call a group of hams? A meating!
Procrastination is like masturbation... ... it feels good while you're doing it, but you're only fucking yourself.
2yo's favorite cartoon is teaching him about centrifugal force. When I was little, my favorite cartoon taught me never to order from Acme.
BREAKING: Europe awaiting a new wave of economical refugees! But atleast their English is bloody excellent!
What mythical creature is the most bloody? A hemogoblin!
What happens when two burgers fall in love? They live together in holy meatrimony!
Did you hear the one about the procrastinator?
North Korea's ability to go through with its threats are as poor as the punchline of this joke.
""What would be your main strength?"" Well, I can communicate with animals... ""Wow, impressive. Any weaknesses?"" They can't understand me.
Whats the last thing you want to hear before you go to sleep? Zippity Bop, Puddin' pop!
A ghost walks into a bar... For the boos
What do you call a Polish dancer? A stripper
Why does a 6 oz hamburger have less energy than a 6 oz steak? Because the hamburger is in the ground state.
How do you fix a pumpkin With a pumpkin patch... I'm so sorry.
A guy goes to his doctor. The doctor says to him, ""You need to stop masturbating"". The patient says ""What? Why?"". The doctor replies ""So I can examine you""
I'm organising an event to help raise awareness of male sexual dysfunction, particularly a failure to climax. If you can't come, let me know.
What's the difference between a cat and a comma? One has its claws at the end of its paws, and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
What do a man and a rubix cube have in common? The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
A boy talks to his mother about what he hopes to become. The boy said, ""Mom? I have something to tell you"" ""Go ahead"", the mother said. ""I promise not to laugh."" *The boy wanted to be a comedian.*
Why do scuba divers jump off the boat backwards? Because if they jumped forwards they'd still be in the boat.
I quit cold turkey. I just reheat it now.
<job interview> It says here on your resume that you are a ""self-proclaimed man of few words."" Would you like to elaborate on that? Me: no
Pluto is actually an orbiting group of British soldiers from the American Revolution who entered space after the Chuck gave them a roundhouse kick to the face.
Knock Knock Fuck Donald Trump
When I'm drinking don't worry about taking my car keys. Just hide my phone.
Nobel Prize Who ever invented Knock, Knock Jokes should win the No-bell Prize.
How do you starve a black guy? Put his food stamps in his work boots
What do composers prepare their ingredients on? A Chopin board
A priest and a pedophile walk into a bar He orders a drink
What did fish say when she hit the wall ? Dam(n) !!!
My doctor accidentally mixed my Viagra with laxitives I didn't know whether I was coming or going!
Thanks for explaining the word ""many"" to me, it means a lot.
The only reason I get up in the morning is so I can drink at night.
Doctor, doctor, what can I do? Everyone thinks I'm a liar... I find that very hard to believe!
What do you call a homosexual on rollerskates? Rolaids!
What did Jaws call his solo banking firm? Loan shark.
What do you call the study of food prices? EcoNOM-NOM-NOMics.
What do you call the Israeli PM when he switches search engines? Benjamin Netangoogle
My favorite moment of the day is deciding I'm not going to do anything productive. That moment is now.
Went to Costco for eggs. Walked out with a toaster oven, an 80 inch 4K TV, minus 1 child and no eggs.
Said the masochist to the sadist: ""Oh hit me, hurt me, oh please just use me"" Said the sadist to the masochist: ... no
What do a guy crossing Niagara falls on a tight rope and a guy getting a blowjob from a 90 year old have in common? Both are thinking don't look down, just don't look down.
What do you pasta with a witty comeback? Retortellini.
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping Tom? A pickpocket snatches watches and a peeping Tom watches snatches
I hate when I shoot someone with finger pistols but I forgot to take the safety off so nothing happened and NOW IT'S SO AWKWARD :(
Why is called a Pap Smear? Sounds better than a Cunt Scrape
whenever someone says happy birthday.... all I hear is ""Happy anniversary of the day your face rubbed your moms vagina""
TIL the shorter urinals aren't for kids. They're for black dudes that need room to dangle.
Every Political Ad Ever: I'm a rich guy who's not like the other rich guy he's a total douche. *Paid for by my rich guy friends*
A good wife always forgives her husband when she's wrong.
What do you call a dirty drug addict with a lisp? Methy
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine...
Why are feet so funny? Because they're ""heel areas"" ... I'll show myself out
I like my coffee like I like my women.... Ground up and in the freezer!
*puts stethoscope up to chest* Dr: I dont hear..U don't have a heart Karen ""Did my ex Kyle put u up to this?"" *Im in the bushes giggling*
So there I was, balls deep in a jar of mayonnaise. When I said to myself, ""Self..."" ""I shoulda made a sandwich first.""
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler? Michael Phelps can actually finish a race
When my wife and I have a disagreement, I always have the last word... usually it's, ""Yes Dear""
If I was Genghis Khan's personal advisor Every time he had a moment of self doubt, I'd remind him he is Genghis Khan, not Genghis Khan't.
Chinese people have small eyes but.... At least its big enough to see their penis.
So I suggested to my wife that she'd look sexier with her hair back... Which is apparently an insensitive thing to say to a cancer patient.
What do you call a deer without eyes? No-eye deer! Note: we are from Hicksville, USA. This may not make sense without the Midwestern accent.
I was trying to think of a joke about leprechauns... ...but I lucked out
[NSFW] Useless things Q: What are the most useless items ever invented? A: Condoms. If you need one, she's too old.
What's a sailor's least favorite color? Maroon
[commercial for soup] Have you ever wanted to eat regular food only with water poured all over it? NARRATOR: SOUP
How many mottophobics does it take to change a lightbulb? None. Who do you think broke the filament in the first place?
what do you call a sleep-walking nun? A Roman Catholic
I accidentally gave my wife super glue instead of Chapstick She's still not talking to me.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: I'm terribly sorry. I suffer from colon cancer.
What's the difference between a Canadian and an Italian? Where the ""eh"" is in the sentence. Canadian: ""How you doin, eh?"" Italian: ""Eh! How you doin?""
How many men from the US swim team does it take to open a door? Just one if its lochte'd
I was out of tanning oil once, so I used PAM Cooking Spray. The tan didn't stick.
What has 60 legs and 8 teeth? The front row of a Country concert
How can you spot a Jewish Pedofile? He's the guy in the creepy van rolling up to kids and asking ""Hey kids, you want to buy some candy?""
How many Public Radio hosts does it take to screw in a lightbulb? We'll be back with that answer right after this pledge break.
Opposites don't always attract. I've met several sane and normal people and found nothing about them appealing.
Fireman: Is anyone else inside the house? Me: Uh yes..my son is trapped in my room he- [fireman charges into blaze] ..HE LOOKS LIKE AN XBOX
What happened when Canada got rid of the penny? Canadians became *penniless*
A mama's boy is frantically running out of a strip club yelling... MY MOMMA TOLD ME IF I EVER CAME INTO A PLACE LIKE THIS I'D TURN INTO STONE. AND I FEEL IT'S STARTING
Sure, white people can't say the ""n word"" But at least we can say phases like ""thanks for the warning officer"" and ""hey dad.""
What's the difference between Jesus in real life and Jesus in a picture frame? It only takes one nail to hang up Jesus in a picture frame.
St. Peter: ""Spock?"" Leonard Nimoy: ""I'm Leonard. Spock was just a character I played on TV."" St. Peter: ""HEY EVERYBODY! IT'S SPOCK!""
I went to Africa recently... ...and I saw that they used Co2 as fuel instead of petrol or diesel. I couldn't believe it and I exclaimed, ""Madagascar!""
I met a sick bird yesterday that got deported. The cops kept yelling about him being an ""ill-eagle"".
I submitted 10 puns to a local newspaper, hoping one would make it in. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.
I hate Mexican jokes... Nunca puedo entenderlos. Edit: The translation of this is ""I never understand them"".
Got so drunk last night that I was able to translate three Pearl Jam albums into English
What Not To Upvote Clickbait
How many sorority girls does it take to change a lightbulb? Seven. One to change it, two to take pictures, and four to make t-shirts for the event.
If I'm your emergency contact, for your sake, I hope that hospital sends texts too.
I told my mom that bukkake is Japanese for bundt cake... I hope I'm there when she orders dessert at the steak house.
The worst time to find out your parents are dead is probably right after you've taken a large hit from helium balloon.
Why did the bride's best friend become a Samurai... because she was made of honour.
What did Putin say to the U.S. and E.U. after invading Ukraine? Crimea river
Tingly feeling You know that nice tingly feeling you get when you're falling for someone? That's common sense leaving your body.
What's the worst thing to give a norteno on their birthday? A SURprise party!!
I can tell so much about a person just by guessing.
If you're a Mayan, I don't even know how you show your fucking face in 2013.
Contrary to popular belief, everyone wasn't Kung Fu fighting, I was taking a nap.
I like to shave my pubes... It helps reduce the wind resistance and makes me able to run faster. You haven't seen me on the news yet because I'm too fast.
What do you call the divorce between Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie? a Brexit
A haunted house would be pretty scary if it was filled with light switches that accidentally turned on the garbage disposal.
Did I tell you that my girlfriend has the flu? Yeah, basically.
A man using apple maps walks into a bar.. ..or maybe it was a church or a grocery store or something
Dating black girls is the best When you go over to their house, you never have to worry about meeting their dads
I periodically tell chemistry jokes But usually there is no reaction. Probably people are just too noble.
Why did John Snow get an iPhone? For the watch.
What's the difference between your mom and your dad? Your dad still sucks dick.
A baby Seal A baby seal walks into a club.
What's the difference between a white Jew and a black Jew? The black Jew sits at the back of the oven.
Sorry if you don't like my Honesty. But to be fair I don't like your f*cking Lies
What do you call 1 white guy surrounded by a court of black people? The NBA.
Whats Black White and Red allover Detroit in winter
How do you win an election? By having people believe that you've won an election.
FYI Don't make snow angels in a dog park.
A U2 album so shitty, even Android won't give it out for free.
If at first you don't succeed, GREAT. Now you know not to waste your time on that ever again. Fuck that shit. Lesson learned.
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts? Because a sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.
Ladies what's the difference between hungry and horny? Where you put the cucumber
Why are bodybuilders the best the best partners? Because with them it always works out.
Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank Give a man a bank and he can rob the world.
Earth got put in Milky Way Special Ed for being bi-polar.
""Hand me downs"" Apparently not the right way to ask the wife to hand me our disabled baby.
Did you hear that Henry Ford wrote a book? The driving point is that it's auto-biographical.
I wanna give a shoutout to the sidewalks For keeping people off the streets.
What do you call a weak cup of tea? Subtlety.
I could host an elegant dinner party, but I don't know enough people with simmering tension over long-held secrets to make it worthwhile.
She criticized my apartment... So I knocked her flat
Superman is using his supervision... And sees Wonder Woman lying naked in her bed! He breaks through her window and picks her up. ""Surprised?"" He asks. ""Not as surprised as invisible man!""
I've lost all control of my vowels... Now I'm completely in consonant.
My sister bet me I couldn't make a czar out of spaghetti... Boy was she surprised when I introduced her to [Ditalini of Pereslav](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dmitry_of_Pereslavl)!
What's the best part about sex with 28-year-olds? There are twenty of them..
Best gaming joke ever.. ..Riot match making
Let me put on my thinking cap hmmm... all I'm coming up with is ""I'm a sentient garment my very existence is a horror kill me now"".
People who are complaining of shoveling driveways, haven't you heard of moving?
YouTube is the nicest company ever... They just want to even the playing field so their competitors have a chance to catch up to them.
Why are turds tapered? So your asshole doesn't slam shut.
When something falls in your mouth by accident and you eat it, it's a snaccident.
A photon checks into a hotel... And the bellhop asks him if he has any luggage. The photon replies, ""No, I'm traveling light.""
Why women fail at saving money? Have you ever seen a money-box (piggy bank) with a hole at the bottom...
One thing won't change for Jared Fogle while in prison He will still be eating 6"" to 12"" daily.
Reenacting the Civil War seems like a lot of work. I'd much rather reenact the Cola War from my couch. First is the battle of Whiskey.
Furniture salesperson: Do you see anything you like? Waldo: Actually yes this red and white couch is quite nice.
Cop just pulled me over, said I was going too fast. So I took him to dinner first.
If it's not Valentine's Day and you see a man in flower shop, you can probably start the conversation with ""What did you do?"".
What do you call a singer who sells meat? A Deli.
RED RIDING HOOD: what big pupils you have grandmother WOLF: yeah I found some pills in the bathroom I love you they're unreal you want some?
When someone tells you that they cut their own hair, it's polite to act surprised
I feel like I'm not giving my followers enough in my tweets. Would you be interested in stock tips or free shampoo samples?
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common: they should both be changed regularly... and for the same reason.
Walking past a new employee's desk & yelling, ""Do you think it's a good idea to be surfing porn on your first day?"" will never get old.
I feel bad for tailgating this minivan so closely but once I started watching Kung Fu Panda on his back seat TV I had to see it through.
How can Donald Trump avoid impeachment? By dropping out now.
Which is Reddit's favourite element? M'lybdenum.
What's long, hard, goes in a vagina, out of a vagina, and leaves a whore feeling good about herself? An abortion hook.
Went out to find a spider in my car this morning. So disappointing. I really liked that car.
A British engineer just started his own business in Afghanistan He's making land mines that look like prayer mats. It's doing well. He says prophets are going through the roof.
What do you call feeling bad about watching lame reality TV shows? Survivor guilt.
Whats the difference between tuna, a piano and glue? You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna.
If jews had a planet I would call it Jewpiter
What do you call someone who wears a diaper fashioned from a map? Incontinent
Three blind lesbians walk into a fish market. They get confused
What does a Catholic priest and a silver medalist have in common? They both came in a little behind.
You're so beautiful Sometimes I have to photoshop you to make you look less attractive! - Zach Anner
Can we all agree the biggest balls belong to the first person to set up a tip jar at Starbucks?
Walked up to 2 guys talking business and told them ""get a conference room!""
My Father always said ""You should fight fire with fire"" He didn't last long as a fireman.
The heaviest things in the world: 4) iron 3) lead 2) tungsten 1) a toddler who doesn't want to be picked up
African American Letters. They are all blackmail.
Cop: You know your license's expired? Me: Didnt even know it was sick. Cop: Haha! Me: HAHA! Cop: Hehe.. Me: Eheh.. Cop: Step out of the car.
Diet day 1 I have removed all the bad food from the house. It was delicious.
So a blind man walks into a bar And a table. And a chair.
Guess what! Some blacks don't like whites, some whites don't like blacks! And nobody likes Mexicans! Big deal! Who cares!
Chuck Norris crossed the road. No one has ever dared question his motives.
Whoever invented the forklift over estimated the weight of forks
""Let's see what you're made of!"" he says on approach, knife in hand. ""Good."" I mutter. ""Another adversary who paid no attention in Biology.""
I'm 6'5"" and I can't stop talking down to everyone
What is the best movie like to shout as you orgasm? I am your father.
a cute girl stopped behind my laptop as I was full screen on a pic of bread and I didn't know what to say so I stammered out ""I like bread""
Why will the columbine high basket ball team lose the tournament? Because they lost their 2 best shooters
What do you get when you put an egg in the ground? An eggplant.
How did the Somali terrorist describe his flight? ""It was dynamite!""
Chris Brown said he's done making music. That's funny. I didn't even know he started.
It's been so long since I bought groceries, this morning I saw a c**kroach move out. ""Good luck" he sighed, clutching his tiny suitcases.
What happened when the USS Enterprise got a new toilet? William Shatner
If you're looking for good jokes go to r/shitredditsays. The stuff they get angry about is pretty damn funny.
Wanna See a perfect Relationship? You Wanna See A Perfect Relationship? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Watch A Movie... :P Coz it is possible in movies only.
I'll always remember what my dad told me right before he died: ""of course you're supposed to use that much lighter fluid idiot.""
Self Detonation is a real blast.. Or so I've heard.. C4 yourself.
Sometimes I get mad about having to unload the dishwasher but then I remember a machine just washed my dishes for me.
""I don't care how goodlooking you are if you don't have any brains."" -Zombies
Mrs. Claus gave birth on the 24th of December I guess you could say Santa came early this year.
Do you know what a pirates favorite letter is? ( read before down vote you may be surprised) Well you think it be the rrrrrr's, but it be the cccc's.!
My wife is enjoying the attention I've been giving her lately & though painting a phone on her face is inconvenient, it's saved our marriage
How do you stop a black kid from jumping on the bed? Put velcro on the ceiling
How was the red sea made? Over a very long period.
Why did the black man wipe his ass? Niggers and poo are the same thing!!!!!
I should really stop getting stoned before I shower. I think I just washed my hair 16 times.
Now we're going to say some shit to scare old people. -the local news
It is so much easier to turn friendship into love, than love into friendship.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Chicken ! Chicken who ? Chicken your pockets - I think your keys are there !s
How do you titillate an ocelot? You oscillate its tits a lot.
132 LEGS AND 8 TEETH Q: What has 132 legs and 8 teeth? A: The front row of a Garth Brooks concert!
""Ok, imagine a fleshlight, but full of food."" - Hot Pocket sales pitch
Why can't you hear pterodactyls go to the bathroom? Because dinosaurs went extinct 65 million years ago.
Did you hear about the man who was using apples and oranges for flooring? He started to lay them down when he realized it was fruit-tile.
This guy just rubbed up against me so hard in line at Starbucks now I know what an altar boy feels like.
Have you ever thought about the word racecar and how it's a palindrome? Put it backwards and it spells racecar, put it sideways and it kills Paul Walker.
My friend said he knew of a way to always win in Russian roulette I can't tell you what it was, but let's just say... My mind was blown
Why did the scuba diver drop out of graduate school? Because he was always below a C
What do you call a stoned, dyslexic crow? A hybrid
What did the green grape say to the purple grape? ""Breathe damn it, breathe!""
Do you ever take a bunch of pills, forget that you took a bunch of pills, take a bunch more pills, and then die? I know. Me TOO.
What do you call the state of having confidence? I'm sorry, it's confidential.
Photon A photon goes to a hotel to find a room.. the man at the desk asks if he would like any help with his bags and the photon says ""I don't have any.. I'm traveling light.""
You're mom is so poor... that if someone gave her the finger. She'd say thank you.
Put that down you fat piece of sh*t'  the title of the dieting book I'm writing.
These pants fit like a cheap hotel... No ballroom.
A guy calls his boss and asks him: Guy: What's the difference between this morning and your daughter? Boss: I don't know. Guy: I'm not coming in this morning!
I just got a great deal on a Flesh Light... Craigslist is the best!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFHQzwNMo_Q klk utede dicen
What do you call an effeminate Japanese man with radiation sickness, AIDS and hemorrhegic fever? Ebola Gay.
What do you call cheese that's not yours? Colby Jack's.
""Don't kid yourself"" Would be a great slogan for an abortion clinic.
What time does an Asian go to the dentist? Toof Hurty.
How many ways are there to please a guy? Three way.
Chuck Norris once rode a bull, and nine months later it had a calf.
I feel sorry for men who don't know how to value women. One look at a woman and I KNOW how much she will cost me.
What would Kim Jong Un call his children? His young'uns
Did you all hear Jerry Sandusky is getting a custom ipod touch? It will be known as the itouch kids!
I'm available if anyone needs me to ruin a good thing before it even starts.
My parents tried to abort me but I was still born.
My answer to most questions is an intelligible grunt, a flustered pointing motion, & a 3 hour nap.
Why didn't the astronauts stay on the moon?  Because it was a full moon and there was no room.
Did you hear the one about the pizza? Ugh, nevermind. It's too cheesy.
What do you call an alligator that wins a race? A chompion. (7-year old me thought he was very clever.)
Two fish are in a tank. One fish turns to the other and says ""Do you know how to drive this thing?"" The other fish says ""Holy shit a talking fish!""
After months of trying to find a job... ...my mate has recently found work in making chess pieces. He starts next week on nights.
What did the Squirtle say to the Charmander? (X-post from /r/pokemon) Squirtle
FRIEND: hey while I'm on vacation can you come over and feed the cat? ME: FRIEND: ME: to what?
Did you see the frog perform in the opera last night? Why yes, she was absolutely ribbeting.
I bet the terrorists have a guy who does parody songs named Weird Al Qaedavic.
What are the four food groups? For bachelors: Fast Frozen Junk and Spoiled. For drinkers: Malt Hops Barley and Yeast. For heavies: Caffeine Fat Sugar Chocolate.
Do you know what a Freudian slip is? It's when you mean one thing but fuck your mother.
I KEPT MY CAPS LOCK ON WHEN I SEARCHED RECIPES FOR DINNER TONIGHT AND NOW GORDON RAMSEY IS IN MY KITCHEN
I hope the guy who just cut me off in traffic has his fav book made into a movie & the characters are nothing like he imagined them
I have a voluntary version of Tourette's.
Someone told me to stop singing Wonderwall I said maybe
Most boots are made for walkin'. Chuck Norris' boots ain't that merciful.
Right now, a future teen mom is applying copious amounts of body glitter to herself.
So I used to date this graphic designer... We broke up because I caught her cheating. Writing hundreds of letters to some guy named Lorem Ipsum. What a creep, right?
GUY 1: a bee flew in my eye GUY 2: I just ate a bird GUY IN BACK: I can't hear u TOGETHER: there must be a better way NARRATOR: windshields
Before my girlfriend moved in I always had one night stand Now that things are getting serious we have two night stands
Does anyone want a vacuum cleaner? Mine's just gathering dust.
Why did the farmer put his cow on the scales? He wanted to see how much the milky weighed!
I recently received a certificate for the breast stroke. Although the Judge called it a restraining order.
Poor helium. I like to imagine there's a shelium out there somewhere, waiting gaseously
I lost my mood ring last night... I'm not sure how I feel about that
What do you call frozen hamburger patties? Burrrrrrgers.
TIL Harriet Tubman wasn't a real person. It was just what the slaves shouted to each other on the Underground Railroad, ""Hurry it up, man!"" Credit: my wife
what I love about whole foods is you can fit $50 worth of groceries in a stylish evening clutch
What do you call a Greek intellectual that only eats kimchee? An Epikorean.
Lord of the Rings marathon -Do you know what a Lord of the Rings marathon is? -Yes -But do you know what a Lord of the Rings triathlon is? -No? -That's when you watch all three of them
Women and farting... Why do women hardly ever fart... Because they don't shut their mouth long enough to build up any pressure.
I'd catch a gently thrown tennis ball for you.
What do a load of bricks and a 300 lb woman have in common? At some point they'll both be laid by a Mexican.
Why is six afraid of seven? Because seven is a well known six offender.
Have you heard about the one about suicidal procrastinator He lived a long healthy life.
The best thing about Adrian Peterson's suspension... ...he gets to spend more time with the kids.
Two penguins walk into a bar... Two penguins walk into a bar. They look around for a second and then one turn to the other and says, ""God damn it, Frank! We overdressed!""
[sees kid crying at the mall] R u lost? [kid nods, wiping tears] Well [blows cigarette smoke in kids face] looks like u live at the mall now
I'm pretty sure Morgan Freeman was narrating while the universe was being created
Told a girl to text me when she got home. She must be homeless.
On this day in history, Cocoa Puffs were invented about 3 hours after that rabbit finally got his hands on a bowl of Trix.
I hope Donald Trump becomes president. That way we can impeach him and all of USA can tell him ""you're fired"".
Customer: Why does your sign say ""Fine Dining""? Waiter: We can dream can't we?
If two wrongs make a right... Then what do two wrights make? A plane.
I have a friend called Rick that was recently turned into cotton... we have to call him Threadrick now. I thought of this joke on the way to buy my lunch today, I hope it's not already been made.
Difference between outlaws and inlaws? The outlaws are wanted.
Chuck norris doesn't flush the toilet. He scares the shit out of it.
Relationship status~ Siri saw my browser history & now she isn't talking to me either
What can you sit on, sleep on, and brush your teeth with? A chair, a bed, and a toothbrush.
I had a harder childhood than most. My parents didn't send me to a therapist, they sent me to a theanalrapist.
Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven was a six offender!
My estranged father bought me a telescope for Christmas We're a lot closer now.
Why aren't the Williams sisters competing against Michael Phelps? Black people can't swim.
I just read more people are killed by toasters than sharks. So if you're swimming in the ocean and see a toaster SWIM FOR YOUR LIFE!
I've been ignoring these dirty dishes for 47 minutes and they still haven't taken the hint. It's just awkward now...
What's the most environmentally friendly subreddit? r/Jokes. Everything there is recycled, including this post.
What was the name of the strip club Hitler worked at? The ""Naughtsy""
When it comes to sex. No means yes. and yes? that means anal.
Movies you wish Tom Cruise would star in: Remission Impossible
the latest news from the boston bombing authorities think it was race related.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take... -Lee Harvey Oswald
I used to be into infantalism... I eventually grew out of it.
Have some self confidence Mexican restaurants. Take that hamburger off the menu.
How many drinks do I buy a girl if I want her to come home with me and clean up my room?
Yes I read reddit on the toilet I do it for shits and giggles
Why did 7 8 9? ...Fuck
We have rappers who used to be pimps and gangsters telling us not to download music because it's stealing.
Hey do you know Deanda? Deanda dis dick!!! HA! Got EEEM!
Jewish boy&amp
I was going to smoke a joint with some Mexicans But when I asked if anyone had papers, they all ran off.
Was that pun intended? Nope, unintended.
Teacher: In music if ""f"" means ""forte"" what does ""ff"" mean ? Pupil: Eighty
What is the difference between a 2 year old and a bag of cocaine? Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.
What places have the least racial tensions? Bakeries, there are brownies and crackers there and yet they never fight.
I'm a Responsible Gun Owner. I did the right thing and got my gun neutered. Now it just fires blanks.
What do you do with a dead chemist? Barium
I stay up late every night and realize it was a bad idea every morning.
I'm appalled by the amount of sex, violence and profanity on TV. It's too fucking low.
What's the difference between a book and a mexican? A book has papers.
Can't sleep. Boss is watching.
Gurl, you remind me of a box of chocolates.....(Why?) Cause I want to take your top off.
What does Canadian Fonzie say? Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey, Eh?
Dentist: ""When was the last time you flossed?"" Me: ""BRO, you were there.""
What do you say when leaving the Periodic Table of Elements' police station? Cu Copper.
Every cloud has a silver lining, except ver. 8.0.1
A girl couldn't decide which mascara to use Bitch couldn't makeup her mind.
Dear Karma: I don't understand, he hasn't been mauled by a lion yet. XO, Me
Will I be able to drink with these? - First question when prescribed meds
What keeps running and doesn't get tired? A Kenyan child.
What do Apple and Titanic have in common? They both killed Jack.
I wanted to build a camp for kids with ADD. But I got shut down for calling it a concentration camp.
What's it called when you kidnap a ghost? A Polter-Heist
Want to know how the Cold War was ended? It was with Robotussin and space heaters.
Legally your grocery store can't stop me from tapping on the canned goods and declaring which ones are ripe or not.
Found a wooden shoe in my toilet it was clogged saw on last comic standing
It looks like trees are all flamboyantly coming out of the closet before they die for the winter
What kind of explosive is popular with terrorist school-children? The satchel charge.
What kind of socks do you find in your backyard? Garden hose.
What did Michael Jackson ask his father's mother when she slipped and fell to the ground? Granny are you okay,I said granny are you okay,are you okay granny?!
Really glad that ventriloquism has made fisting mainstream.
my yoga teacher asked me how flexible I was I told her I couldn't do Monday's.
An ESPN ad just popped up with, ""Want to keep up with the Women's NCAA Tournament? Click the link below!"" Ha... ESPN, always the comedian.
I opened the door last night to carol singers &amp
High cholesterol food will always have a special place in my heart.
Why did the cowboy want to buy a wiener dog So he could 'get a long little doggy' Credit- my 12 year old daughter!
Whenever a bill collector calls I just give the phone to my toddler and tell her it's Barney.
If you are going to call the cops every time you spot me in your bushes I don't think this relationship is going to work.
Your huge boobs really bring out my eyes.
Who is this Rorschach guy? And why does he paint so many pictures of my parents fighting?
If you ever see a creepy clown... Go for the juggler
If you ever see a movie where a woman is depressed and she has shaved legs that movie is bullshit.
Of course size matters. No one likes a small pizza.
Bikes are held up by witchcraft if u can ride a bike you are a level 1 wizard & if u can ride a unicycle you are a level 2 dork haha owned
Apparently 95% of the girl like to be waking up by oral sex !!! Well its not true, ""WHO ARE YOU AND REMOVE THIS FROM MY MOUTH"" Said the girl in the park yesterday !!
""Brokeback Mountain"" is not just a movie. It's also what Chuck Norris calls the pile of dead ninjas in his front yard.
What's a gay man's favorite time? Eight a'cock
Why are there so many Johnson in he phone book? They all have phones.
If there's someone in the aisle of something I need at the grocery store I don't need it anymore.
Why do all the best golfers keeping buying socks? They get a hole in one!
What happened to the adhesive suicide bomber? He glue up.
What's the best thing about fucking a transsexual? You can reach around the front and you think you went all the way through.
Did you hear about the weather report from the ski resort in Lake Tahoe? Partly cloudy with Sonny around a tree.
People in wheelchairs just don't get humor. They never know when you're pulling their leg.
Wearing crocs is like getting a blowjob by a guy It feels good until you look down and realize your gay
What is the definition of trust? Two cannibals giving each other a blowjob.
Guys, don't ever tell a girl that she's yummier than a gummy bear, she'll know it's not true because nothing is yummier than a gummy bear.
How many Firefly fans disc it take to screw in a light bulb? None. The just stand around for years bitching about how it went out. EDIT: does not disc.
I hate babies when they are crying. I hate people who love babies & think babies are cute. I hate grown up babies who make more babies.
One liner I thought of and giggled at the other day A wise man once said, ""Love is all you need. And Kevlar."" I made up that last part.
A pirate goes to the dentist.... ""Open wide and say aaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr""
A woman went to the doctor, who examined her. He said, You have a bad back. The woman said, I want a second opinion. The doctor said, All right! You're ugly as well.
How old do kids have to be when you can start saying ""Fuck you."" to their faces instead of behind their backs?
What do you call a horny Welshman on top of the Space Needle? Sheepless in Seattle
That's how I ended up with a polytheist child I started with several theist children, asked them to hold tight to one another and sprayed them with a catalyst.
Why don't old people have sex? Have you ever tried to open a grilled cheese sandwich?
Teacher: Johnny you know you can't sleep in my class. Johnny: I know. But maybe if you were just a little quieter I could.
Job interview HR: What's your best asset? Me: I have an excellent memory. HR: Give me an example. Me: Of what?
Why can't some snakes get boners? Because they have a reptile dysfunction.
Did you hear ISIS blew up their first Italian recruit in a suicide bombing today? They decided to rig a Tony
My wife likes to talk to me after sex. It really bugs me when she calls me from her hotel room.
Bill Gates: ""So today I farted in an apple store and everybody was pissed... hey, its not my fault they dont have windows!""
Wait, 12 years a slave isn't about marriage?
How do you fit four gay guys on a bar stool? Get a really big bar stool.
Valentines Day is the day that the ""V"" and ""D"" come together ..
Me: I'm so tired I need to sleep. Ambien: Here I'll help... Hey don't forget to take off your clothes and pretend that you're snow! Me: K
pilot: [via intercom] if you dont shut up back there i will stop this plane co-pilot: [quieter] wont it fall out the sky pilot: not now gary
Q: Bill Hillary and Al are in a boat. The boat sinks. Who is saved? A: The United States of America.
[interrogation] ""What do u do for a living?"" Jewel thief. ""Louder for the tape."" [leans in] Cool beef. I bring hot beef down in temperature.
me: did you check the suggestion box boss: we don't have a suggestion box we have a paper shredder me: MY DRAWINGS
I'm taking the soul train to Funky Town with my boogie shoes on, and the dish ran away with the goddamn spoon. This is really good weed.
Why did Chewbacca cross the road? WWWRRRRRRGWWWRRRR!
The important thing to remember is that nobody asked you.
Why are jalapenos so annoying? Because they get jalapeno business.
Considering you can be anything you want on the internet, it's amazing how many choose to be stupid.
You know why Communist Jokes are funny? Because they are Commie-cal.
How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb? None - its a hardware problem
If you ask me to go get ""Eyetalian"" food with you, our friendship is probably over.
An app that detects itself running on other people's phones, then both devices play Random Encounter music. What happens next is up to you.
My son cuddled up to my bump and was talking about how he could see the baby and it would have been cute if I were pregnant.
A police officer pulls over a speeding car.. The cop said to the driver, ""Ha! I've been waiting for someone like you all day!"". The driver replied, ""Well, I got here as fast as I could!""
My uncle always believed that ""Between duct tape and WD-40 you can fix just about anything."" I still can't believe it took seven years before he lost his medical license.
They say great things come in small packages But I assure you my thing is still pretty good.
I took a selfie with my uncle. Everyone behind us shook their heads. I never know how to behave at wakes.
When I get naked in the bathroom... When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on.
What do you call a gullible Indian? A Naive American. Literally just came up with this.
You know you're drunk when you sit down on the toilet & try to put your seat-belt on
So, Pee Wee Herman announced he has converted to Islam He's currently planning a pilgrimage to Mecca Lecca Hi Mecca Hiney Ho.
What date is it today? Brasil/Germany Or Germany/Brasil in some countries.
Did you hear about the Chinese couple who had an albino child? It was a case of two Wongs making a white.
Q: What do you call a clairvoyant midget who escaped from prison? A: A small medium at large.
I tried dusting after five energy drinks now my house is on fire.
I really don't have much respect for those that take drugs and alcohol. Like Customs, for example.
when I was little, I drugged the milk to catch Santa. Next morning I found my dad passed out on the stairs. Well played Santa..
The quickest way to avoid a conversation on Facebook is by clicking like.
5 scientists out of 6 say that russian roulette is safe
Why did the vampire go to hospital? He wanted his ghoulstones removed.
YOU'RE GETTING SNOW! AND YOU'RE GETTING SNOW! AND YOU'RE GETTING SNOW! -Oprah Winfrey. Meteorologist
My friend has canceled our lunch plans three days in a row. I'm starting to think she really doesn't like lunch.
14: what could happen? Me: you could get her pregnant. 14: im not comfortable putting my dingaling in her thingaling Me:*writes suicide note
*makes plans with someone* (30 seconds later) what have I done
What did the pirate with a wheel in his pants say. Arr, I don't know what it is but it's drivin' me nuts!
*bumps into an acquaintance in a world where there's no such thing as weather* Uhhhhhhhhhhh
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? aye maighty
How did Donald Trump lose $916 million? Well he was handed everything in life. Have you seen his hands? Most of what he was gifted slipped right through.
A Texan walked into a bar... The bartender asked, ""You got any ID?"" The Texan said, ""'bout what?""
How many feminists does it take to change a light-bulb? One to change it, thirty to write a book about it. :3
nsfw Was told this by my Italian coworker. Ever hear of an Italian tire? Dego here dego there and when they go flat dego wop wop wop!
i pinched out a bowel movement while reaching for a stool.
Why hasn't Joe entered the race yet? He's just Biden his time.
Whenever I'm feeling stressed I go to the house of mirrors... I find it's a really great place to reflect.
I JUST HAD AN ESPRESSO WHO WANTS TO JOUST?
Why does Santa have a large sack? Because he only cums once a year
Actually, I thought 50 Shades Of Grey was about Taco Bell meat.
Walk into a random building, go to a random floor, step into a random meeting, and take a donut. Best donut you'll ever eat.
A wise man once said nothing.
You can tell if your gold chain is fake... ...by leaving the room and listening to see if it talks crap about you to other jewelry.
What do you call a laptop that ejaculates metal? Computer
How did the hail stone describe it's life?  -It really has a lot of ups and downs
Q: Have you heard about the Irish abortion clinic? A: There's a 12-month waiting list.
When it comes to making jokes about heart palpitations I never skip a beat
Why did the Canadian die after eating at an Olive Garden in Texas? He ordered ""eh bowl a"" soup.
The first fireman to get called to rescue a cat in a tree must have had the hose wrestled from him before someone told him to get a ladder.
I ordered a horse from a rancher, but got a mule. Seems he half-assed it...
*co-worker approaching elevator* *I try to hit ""close door"" button* *I miss, hit ""open door""* Co-worker: thanks for holding it Me: Of course
My daughter wrote ""Daddy is the best"" in the snow then smashed it when I made her come inside. She'll make some lucky guy miserable one day.
What do you call a pirate with polio? FD Arghhhh.
Why are people still calling my phone I thought we covered this at orientation...
Where do modern-day pirates come from? Somaaaaaarlia
What colour animals have the most sex? Brown Chicken, Brown Cow
I remember 2016 Like it was just yesterday
Did you hear about the kidnapping? Its ok, They're awake now
What is green and smells like bacon? Kermit's fingers
Boss asked if I was ready for more responsibility. I'm eating around a sticker on an apple cause I'm too lazy to peel it off so I guess no.
Did you all hear about the Cold Air Balloon? It didn't really take off
Do you know how to tell when your girlfriend is getting fat? When she fits in your wife's clothing.
What piece of furniture can you always trust? A Reputable.
Under what circumstance is mass a unit of time? Church
With the Holiday Season right around the corner The Transvestites of America Union would like to remind you to eat, drink, and be Mary.
""This is OnStar. How can we assist?"" ""What are you wearing?"" ""Do I need to get a supervisor?"" ""Like a threesome? Is that part of my plan?""
Past, the present and the future.. The past, the present and the future all walk into a bar at the same time.. IT WAS TENSE!
Teacher: I hope I didn't see you looking at  Fred's test paper. Pupil: I hope you didn't see me either!
What do you call a foreign born communist running for President? Ted Cruz
I figure that its safe to ask. How are those New Year's resolutions going?
You can't hear a pterodactyl pee... Because it's silent.
Why does my shampoo smell like gasoline? And when did my wife start smoking?
I wish cartoons would have prepared me for working and doing taxes instead of, like, quicksand
That awkward moment when you realize you were born roughly nine months after 4/20.
When a killer makes you dig your own grave, throw the soil far away so he has trouble backfilling.
Women who say getting married was the best day of their life have obviously never had 2 Kitkats fall out of a vending machine by mistake.
What do you call sex with a french midget? Bone a petite
I saw an oldman get hit by a car. He didn't hear me say ""look out!"" Because I didn't say anything.
I don't usually cry from onions, but this one's story is so inspirational.
How do you tell the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? The taste.
Why don't you say grace when eating Chinese food? Because they run you over with a tank if you do. Found this on Becker, didn't know if I should put this here or goingtohellforthis
What's the difference between a bus driver and a cold? A bus driver knows the stops and a cold stops the nose.
What is the golden rule for cows? Do unto udders as you would have udders do to you!
Where do fish keep their money? In the river bank.
want to hear my limousine joke na its too long
A man walks into a bar with a gun and yells ""WHO SLEPT WITH MY WIFE! I'M GONNA KILL 'EM!"" A man calmly stands up and says, ""You ain't got enough bullets, mate.""
How many Mexicans does it take to build a... Never mind, they're already done, and they paid for it too.
What's red and green and spins round &amp
How many lightbulbs does it take to change a lightbulb??
From my gf Me: What are you planning on doing on MLK day? Her: I plan on sleeping all day Me: ...Why? Her: I want to have dreams too
What do spinach and anal sex have in common? If you were forced to have it as a kid, you'll hate it as an adult.
Why did the Jedi kill his master? To get to the other side.
I burnt my Hawaiian pizza today. I should have cooked it at Aloha temperature.
What do you call a Snorlax that wants to win a race? A cab.
Two gay guys are standing on a corner when a hot man walks by. Gay man 1 leans over and says, ""See that guy? He's a good fuck."" Gay man 2 says, ""No shit?"" Gay man 1 replies, ""Well, hardly any.""
The Australian border patrol is so good... they even stop the good internet from reaching Australia.
This is gonna be a really long one. Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnneeeeeeeeee
Why did the blind lady fall into a well? Because she couldn't see that well. *crickets, crickets*
It's raining cats and dogs... I hope I don't step in a Poodle!
What did God say when he made the first black man? ""Damn, I burnt one.""
What's the difference between racism and chinese people? Racism has many faces.
""Do you know why I pulled you over?"" *sighs* ""Because I'm a sweater"" ""BECAUSE YOUR A SWE- hehe yeah that's weird but no. Tail light's out.""
She wears short skirts, I wear t-shirts, we are both very unprepared for this cold weather
What would you order... From a menstruating ice cream scooper in Ireland? Sunday, Bloody Sunday.
Cyber Monday! a/s/l?
Your mama's house is so small. . you walk into her front door and find her backyard.
What is the favorite Pokemon of a smoked meat sandwich? Raichu
I told my friends I'm going on a date with a cute girl. They told me she's imaginary, but joke's on them, so are they.
Things I trust more than Trump 1.Flint, Michigan water 2.Bill Cosby drinks 3.Elevator rides with Ray Rice 4.Donated blood from Magic Johnson 5.Casey Anthony with my kid
The amount of stuff coming out of this woman's handbag as she searched for her keys, I wouldn't be surprised if that missing Malaysian plane is in there too.
Should be interesting when Trump meets the UK's prime minister... I wonder if he will shake her hand or grab her by the pussy
A man and a fortune teller make a compromise and reach a happy medium.
knock knock player 1: whos there player 2: hola player 1: hola who player 2: holawhosn
Me: I'm going to bed after this episode. Netflix: Hahahahahaha! Sure. Ok.
I'm a dyslexic tree... My life is A-OK!
I read somewhere that only 2/11 jokes are funny. Well, what I read was that 9/11 jokes are never funny, but I like to be positive.
What is the last thing to go through the mind of a suicide bomber? His own ass.
What did the grape say when he was caught in bed with another fruit? ""It was just a momentary lapse of raisin!""
Boss sent me a message the other day: *Send me some funny messages* I replied: *I'm working right now, I will send you later* Boss: *hahaha..send me another one*
WIFE: *filing for divorce* ME: Are you mad at me?
How do you get a guitar player to turn down his amp? Give him sheet music.
A friend of mine is having her breasts enlarged. She's paying for it with her endowment fund.
Policeman: I've had my eye on you for some time now. Young Lady: That's funny. I thought you were arresting me for speeding.
Thanksgiving with the snail family I had the snail family from next door over for a big Thanksgiving dinner, they are still feeling sluggish this morning.
Just like my refrigerator... I open Reddit, just to be disappointed and close it.
Life hack Use your seat belt buckle to open your beer while driving
In 1839 an Arab man made the first condom The condom was made of goat intestines. In 1844, a British scientist revolutionized the condom by removing the intestines from the goat first
When I was a little kid, my dad would swear then say ""Excuse my French"" One day the teacher asked if anyone could speak a foreign language and I raised my hand
Why are Mexicans good at bow hunting? Because they hav-an-arrow! :D
My friend is a professional sleep-walker. He's just livin the dream.
If Trump replaces Obama as president, Orange will be the new Black.
Did you hear about the Spanish Perfume? ""For hispanic and for herspanic""
The Voice Coach Voice Coach: ""Let's start with a scale."" Student: ""Do, re, muuuhh, fa, so, la, ti, doooh!"" Voice Coach: ""Whoa, whoa, whoa! Don't take that tone with mi!""
What did the scientists say when they found bones on the moon? the cow didn't make it.
I hate those unrealistic movies where women are friends.
Jokes we made up when we were kids? I have one. Why did the boy band break up? They weren't N'sync.
""HIV"" is trending above ""Grammys"" because AIDS is better than the ""music"" that was nominated.
Things men would rather do than work to raise testicular cancer awareness: eat a sandwich, watch sports, fight, die of testicular cancer.
There's a girl that I hate in my office that's white but looks like 'Precious'. I've been calling her ""Pressure"" & blaming my farts on her.
Everything doesn't ""happen for a reason."" The universe is not aware of your existence. Stop being arrogant.
What does a straight man and spaghetti have in common? They are both straight until it gets hot.
What if I never *dramatic pause* sleep *dramatic pause* a- *falls asleep during third dramatic pause*
How to you make an octopus laugh? ...you give it ten tickles
Mary Had a Little Lamb, Little Lamb, Little Lamb. Maybe she wasn't that hungry.
I refused to waste money paying an exorcist... so he repossessed my house.
I used to have a drinking problem. I still do, but I used to, too.
A man is setting his password to ""mypenis"" Error: Not long enough
what do you call a 5 man group all asians and makes gay music k-pop!
Why do cows huddle together when it rains? To keep each udder dry Courtesy of my significant other
If the dove is the bird of peace, what's the bird of true love? The swallow.
What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon? Tennish
Why do chemists call helium, curium, and barium 'the medical elements'? Because, if you can't 'helium' or 'curium', you 'BARIUM'!
Aphantasia I was reading about a guy that lives with aphantasia, but I just can't picture what that would be like.
My satellite navigation told me to turn around. Now I can't see where I'm driving.
I've been dying to see Age of Ultron But then I just googled ""How old is Ultron"" and found out he's 47. Saved me $10.
What is cheese's favorite music genre? R and Brie
What should you do if you're being attacked by a gang of clowns? Go for the juggler!
What RoflWhale really stands for. Rolling on the floor laughing while having a lubricated ejaculation!
""How is this grilling you?"" - mom's 44th question
What word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly? incorrectly
What did the stamp say to the letter? Lick my ass and I'll take you places you've never been before.
It's gonna be a long day. I can wait to get home and curl up with a good Internet.
What is this World Cup and can I drink from it?
Did you hear about the french TV show Did you hear about the french TV chat show that only airs on a thursday? Richard and Jeudi
Hey Joe, don't think we can use this ad. Why not? We're roofers. Yes, but ""Hot shingles in your area looking to get nailed"" seems extreme.
JESUS: heaven... must be missing an angel ME: o gee thamk u jesus ur so sweet JESUS: hehe ME: hehe JESUS: time to send u back ME: wait no what
I've cut this piece of wood 3 times ... ... and it's still too short. -Bob Edmiston
A male prison guard asks a woman on death row what she would like for her last meal. She replies, ""I don't know, what do you want to eat?""
TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS EXPLAINED: 1) Rich people make money 2) It ""trickles down"" to offshore banks 3) Government closes libraries/hospitals
The bartender says ""we don't serve particles that disrupt time flow!"" A tachyon particle walks into a bar.......
How many Italians does it take to change a lightbulb... Two, one to do the job, and another to shoot all the witnesses.
What's an Australian's favorite element? Gold
Bad news guys. The 1st person who ever typed ""LOL"" into a keyboard just died of double AIDS.
What is all that useless flesh around a woman's vagina? The woman.
What do you call a fat cow..? Your mum
What do you call a cheating wife with a runny nose? FULL!!
Why does Santa have such a big sack? He only ""comes"" once a year
Knock Knock -Who's there? -Interrupting cow with an identity crisis. -Interrupting cow w- -WOOF! WOOF!
If I had a time machine I'd go back to 900 A.D. and just scare the shit out of people with an electric toothbrush.
Breadbowl soup should be called Arkansas soup because it's 'In bread'
I've finally found some direction in life, so I'm throwing a going a way party.
Tell 'em how it 'tis, not how it 'twas: Edition 3. The joke used to be ""If ya lick 'er, it's quicker"". Now it's: if ya pin 'er, yer in 'er.
I really don't have a clear stance on abortion On one hand I'm all for killing babies. But on the other hand I don't support women's rights.
It appears that Jared Fogle has gain 30lbs since going to jail I guess that's what happens when you stop the child portions
What's a parrot's favourite game? Monopoly!
Studying abroad: Spending months in another country. Studying a broad: Spending months Facebook stalking Ashley.
Micky Mouse is in divorce court The judge says, ""So you, uh, want to divorce your wife because she's crazy?"" And Mickey says, ""Um, no, I think what you heard me say is that she's fucking Goofy!""
Just stabbed my uterus with a tampon.
My girlfriend is ambidextrose she can polish off a box of chocolates with either hand.
People who complain that my Christmas gifts are ""stupid"" and ""thoughtless"" clearly have no idea how hard it is to wrap a pineapple.
Hate flying? Try American Airlines. They do too.
This Halloween, I put a potato in my pants and ordered people around. I was a dictator.
What do a wife and a tornado have in common? First, they suck. Then, they blow. Finally, they take half your house.
Birth Paddy's wife was ready to give birth so he rushes her to hospital.On arrival the nurse asks ""How dilated is she?""To which paddy relies"Oh Jaysus we""re both over the fucking moon!!..:)
Most of my tweets have been coming from a very dark place lately. That's what happens when you forget to pay your electric bill
A friend asks his friend to tell him a joke. Friend A - Hey dude, tell me a joke. Friend B - Pussy. Friend A - I don't get it? Friend B - I know you don't.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
I will say something deep. I built a robot that digs. Deep.
Why are there no feminists in Japan? Because they hunt whales.
What Do you call 20 Millionaires watching the Superbowl? The Dallas Cowboys
The baby Woman at a maternity hospital is in a lot of pain, moaning. The man strokes her back, ""I'm so sorry sweetheart that you have to endure this...""  ""Don't worry Steve, it's not your fault.""
What fun drink can put your kid to sleep? Bleach
How do chickens connect online? faceBAWK!
My sister-in-law has step-children and that's awful, why won't she use regular stairs like everyone else
My friend's mouth and tongue were blistering and burning after eating tacos last night... serves him right! I told him not to eat Mexican.
Did you know the right Woman can make you a Millionaire? You just have to start as a billionaire.
What do you call an Italian ghost? A Gabaghoul
Nurse: Your name, please? Me: Dr. Feelgood. Nurse: ... Me: ... Nurse: You're not a Dr. are you? Me: No, I won't make you feel good, either.
How come ""you're a peach"" is a complement but ""you're bananas"" is an insult? Why are we allowing fruit discrimination to tear society apart?
How does a road reply when you ask it how work is going? It's tiring.
I can cut down a tree just by looking at it. ... .... It's true! I saw it with my own eyes.
Do you know why only half of the women on earth will experience a real orgasm during their lifetime? There's only 30 millions of Frenchmen on earth.
A guy walks into a bar.... he gets a concussion and dies soon after in the hospital.
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall? Dam.
I'm so torn on circumcision. I mean, you're either foreskin or against it.
My girlfriend is so crazy she even traced down the girl who once kissed me in kindergarten.
my favorite game is called ""Secret Family."" I go to the movies & sit near a group of strangers & pretend they love me
We can't afford to take our kids to a corn maze this year so we're going to take them to an IKEA instead.
I relate to your inability to relate to people. Let's talk about hanging out but never follow through.
The difference between dead babies and vegetables? I don't eat my vegetables.
What is the only group of cops who get in trouble when a black guy gets killed? secret service
Give a banana to your uninvited house guest. Hold another banana up to your ear. Only respond to questions asked thru the ""banana phone"".
A woman goes into a doctor's with a bit of lettuce sticking out the top of her panties. Doctor: Oh, that looks nasty. Woman: That's just the tip of the iceberg doctor.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Put it in a microwave until its Bill Withers
Unsettling sounds #23 - Ice-cream van after dark
Fool me once, shame on me. Fool your Japanese father, shame on your whole family.
Why did the dead baby cross the road? It was attached to my bumper...
I bought a book on capitalism... but then returned it because some of the letters were in lower-case.
Why does Hellen Keller use two hands for masturbation? One to masturbate, one to moan.
After some thinking i decided not to go through with the brain transplant But then, i changed my mind
I never knew Godwin's law was in the English Oxford dictionary.. What a bunch of language fascists. edited: grammar Nazis
North Korea claims to have just tested an H-Bomb Turns out they just discovered Mentos and Diet Coke
I'd be scared to buy an LG Tv Liam Neeson may find me!
Why was the centipede late ? Because he was playing ""This little Piggy"" with his baby brother !
Why'd the chicken cross the road? To get to the retards house. **knock knock
What do you call an international criminal waffle that you dropped at the beach? Carmen Sandy Eggo
Welcome to Ulterior Motors where our goal is to sell you a car and definitely not anything else
I donated $10 to Bernie's campaign Don't worry ladies, I also donated $7.80 to Hilary.
What's the best thing about being a meth head? 1 sleep until Christmas.
I read in my girlfriend's diary...... that I have real trust issues!! What a bunch of BS...
Whenever I fill out a job application with a box for ""Race" I add a question mark and then write, ""Anytime. Anywhere.""
Girls dont dress up to impress guys. We dress up to impress other girls. If we wanted to impress guys we would just run around naked all day
OK, if you get to refer to your favorite football team as ""we" then I definitely get to refer to the cast of Friends as ""we.""
Knock Knock Who's there ! Bertha ! Bertha who ? Bertha-day greetings !
What do you call a nun on a wheelchair Virgin mobile
My cat just sneezed directly into my eyeballs so I'll probably be dead soon. Goodbye, guys. No, you can't have my stuff.
What breaks when you give it to a toddler? Her hips.
""I hate drama"" said the woman who continued to place herself squarely in the center of it.
Why are French overweight homosexuals always tired? Because they are fatty gay
What Kind Of Bagel Can Fly? A Plain Bagel.
Procrastination has taught me how to do 30 minutes of work in 8 hours and 8 hours of work in 30 minutes.
Why does everyone hate German sausage jokes? Because they're the wurst.
So many women, so little time to disappoint them all.
What did the last-place olympian say after someone stole his sled? What have I got to luge?
A sandwich walks into a bar... The bartender says ""Sorry, we don't serve food in here.""
On this day in history: people related to you whose names you do not know performed actions that were never recorded.
This guy.. igg.me/at/bustofabney Why is this a thing??
Why all Pascal programmers ask to live in  Atlantis? Because it is below C level.
What do you call Abe Lincoln having sex? The emancipator-procreator.
Many people are surprised by the engagement of Serena Williams and Alexis Ohanian, but not me. If I founded reddit I'd be searching for better servers too.
Why can Stephen Hawking only do one liners Because he can't do stand ups
Jeb bush uses a dangerous method to make a lasting change. jeb!
There should be more than one kind of handicapped parking placard. ""I have no legs"" and ""My knees gave out at 350 lbs"" aren't the same.
Why did Johnny Cash have the Cocaine Blues? He ran out of cocaine.
Click to see something special something special
Someone gave me a star as a gift. I'm planning on sprucing it up with some planets and asteroids and using it as a summer vacation spot.
How do you tell an introvert and an extrovert mathematician apart? When talking to you, the extrovert mathematician looks at *your* shoes.
Obama: Please don't talk to me until I've had my morning cup of Joe. Joe: no please no more. Obama: shut up Joe. *takes a sip of Joe*
I was watching a tv evangelist this morning and it made me realize how much I'm looking forward to the Rapture. Yeah, I can't wait until all these ""Christians"" are gone.
Yesterday I wanted to connect a couple of watches together to build a belt to hold my pants But I figured it would be a waist of time.
Dog: I like pizza. Me: You've never had pizza. Dog: It's food. Me: So? Dog: So I like it. Me: I'm not giving you my pizza.
A high-pressure hose will usually stop a coworker from showing you any more baby photos.
How many Feminists does it take to change a Light Bulb? Two - One to change the Bulb and one to Blow Me
What does a blonde put behind her ears to look attractive? Her ankles.
I made fun of my friend for getting off to humiliation porn. He came.
A square, a triangle and a hexagon walk into a bar, the bartender says ""Looks like you boys could use a round""
I recently learned diarrhea is genetic... Yeah, it runs in your genes.
I said to my wife's mother ""when you're dead, I'll dance in your grave."" she said: ""Good, I'm being buried at sea.""
My Shake Weight came in the mail today! Boy, was that a mess.
The United States and Britain are having a competition on who can fuck themselves up the most. Britain is in the lead, but America has a Trump card.
I own 2 types of fossilised animal excrement I'm a shit collector.
My boss is having a colonoscopy today. I sure hope they find his head.
what cross road chicken
What is the definition of masurbation? Coming unscrewed
Yo mama's so fat when she turns around they throw her a welcome back party.
Just realized that I'm finally too fat to do things during summer.
Max the camel walks into his parents' room at 2am and asks for a glass of water. His dad says, ""Another one? That's the second glass this month.""
Faster than a speeding bullet ...... more powerful than a locomotive ...... able to leap tall buildings in a single bound...... yes, these are some of Chuck Norris's warm-up exercises.
What type of shoes do pedophiles wear? White Vans.
Just skipped past a quote from Gandhi on Instagram to ""like"" a photo of a hot dog.
Wanna screw with your idiot friends on Facebook? Post that Obama passed a law to stay in office a third term this morning. Praise Jesus.
I don't trust stairs... They always look like they're up to something.
What if the cure for cancer is in the mind of someone who cant afford an education?
Don't lie you would touch all sorts of weird shit with a ten-foot pole.
To all the people who doubted me growing up: looks like you're gonna be right on this one. Well played.
Just read a book about Stockholm Syndrome. The first few chapters were awful, but by the end I loved it.
What kind of jacket would Michael J. Fox wear if he was black? [OC] A parka, son.
""are you sure these x-rays are safe?"" [doctor 12 feet away behind a lead wall] you're fine
Im not your friend, buddy
Where did the newlywed horses stay? In the bridle suite!
Waitress: would you like another drink? Me: Are you new?
""Hey, how was that sheep pussy?"" Not Baaaaaaaad
what do Chinese people say when it is sunny outside. what do Chinese people say when it is sunny outside i wish it was raining cats and dogs that would be dericious
""Hitler, no Hitlering!"" said Dora. But it was too late.
What's a pirate's favorite digital image format? tARRRRRGa
Thinking about getting a nutritional value label tattooed on my inner thigh.
Never throw a battery at someone You'll get charged with battery
BREAKING: DirecTV subscribers lose The Weather Channel over fee dispute. Luckily, subscribers will keep windows, which they can look out of.
what do you call a blond standing on her head? a brunette with bad breath...
What do you call a stick with autism? Autistic
What does my brothers wife and a Chevrolet have in common? They're both extremely high maintenance
Why did I join Twitter? Well I was sick of only being hated by coworkers and family so I wanted to branch out.
People don't make your heart skip a beat. Medical conditions do. Idiots.
Someone Stole my Microsoft Office and they're gonna pay. You have my Word
My kids are very optimistic.  Every glass they leave sitting around the house is at least half full.
I swapped my wife's tampons with party poppers. Absolutely no sense of humour that girl..
Why do baby boomers like fracking so much? Because figuratively breaking the country apart isn't enough.
How do ghosts get ghouls interested in them? They woooooooOOOOOOOooooo them.
How is a women and peanut butter the same? It takes a lot of coaxing to get them to spread when they're cold
What did one pig say to the other? Let's be pen pals!
what do you call a deer with no eyes? 'No idea.....' 'What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs?' 'Still no idea.......' My all time favourites :)
Did you hear about the suicide bombing camp? I heard it was a blast.
What does an empty bottle of Champaign and an orphan have in common? Nether of them have a pop.
'I can't find my dollar bill' Jane sobbed. 'Don't worry' her Counselor said. 'A dollar doesn't go very far  today.'
How do you know if someone's a feminist? They have an AK and they plan to kill all men. /shittyjoke\
What do moths study at school? Mothmatics
My friend is scared of the homeless people he sees on the streets. I told him to stop being hobophobic.
Why were the vets and pounds mad?  It was raining cats and dogs
Go away, mosquito. I've already had the blood drained out of me by my job.
What do you call a row of boxers-in-training? A shitty punch line.
How long do you need to know someone before sharing fries? Because I'm about to introduce myself to the girl at the end of the bar.
Wish there was a pill I could put in a girl's drink, that would make her do my taxes.
The United States government.
Hey, pens at the bank: cool it with the chains. You are literally last on my list of things I'd like to steal from a bank.
""Where are you all going?"" A lifeboat. The Titanic is sinking. ""You guys are booked til 2. Trust me, this'll be great exposure for your band
I think someone may be sending me death threats. Woke up this morning with a [Tesco burger](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21038521) on my pillow!
Great joke I heard at a standup show in Houston this weekend. (Dark humor) Give a man a fish, and he you will feed him for the day. Give a man two prosthetic legs, and he'll shoot his girlfriend.
Why did Lindsay Lohan walk into a movie theater? She heard there were free shots.
If cops can drive undercover cars, we should be able to drive cop cars. It's only fair.
What do you do when you see a space man? Park your car in it man.
Dear diary, My date got really excited when I said I wanted to cook for him. Apparently Meth wasn't what he expected. Dating is bull shit
What do four out of five guys love to do? Gang-rape.
Who is the coolest person in the hospital? The ultrasound man.
Robot Doctor. Robot Doctor: ""I'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live."" Patient: ""What do you mean, 10? 10 what? Months? Weeks?!"" Robot Doctor: ""1"".
If you play Rebecca Black's ""Friday"" backwards, Satan appears and asks why you have so much fucking time on your hands.
""haha! silly rabbit! trix are for-"" *rabbit puts a gun to the kids head* who are they for billy. tell me again who they're for
hey, so much for global warming -- look at all this snow! and so much for global globalness, look how flat it is out there!
[Arkham Asylum] GUARD 1: that guy's CRAZY *gestures to Joker's cell* JOKER: *using Bing instead of Google* GUARD 2: *whispers* holy shit
I eat the pussy like mac n cheese I'm lactose intolerant
How do you make a door hold water? You open it slightly so it's ajar.
My girlfriend snores very loudly Guess she knows how to sleep soundly
shit. the number the girl at the Sprint store gave me is MY number
Why did u eat it??? A lady was pregnant. Her son asked her ""Mom, What's in u'r tummy?"" Mom answered ""Its a sweet, lovely baby."" Son says, ""If the baby is so sweet and lovely then WHY DID U EAT IT???""
When is a door not a door? When its ajar
I get so angry when I hear about children being abused/named ""Jaden.""
What does the ""B"" in Benoit B Mandelbrot stand for? Benoit B Mandelbrot.
Why do Italians wear gold necklaces? So they know where to stop shaving
Did you hear about the two peanuts that got lost in the bad neighborhood last night? One was assulated, the other was shelled.
What do the 12th of July and the end of an essay have in common? They're both summary!
There was a paradox... And ***Theseus*** parked his ***ship*** right in-between them. 
What is the difference between a boy scout and a Jew ? A boy scout returns back from camp.
I swallowed a 1 coin today.. ..I went to the hospital and after poking around for 10 minutes he stuck his head up and said 'ok go home, come back if there's any change' Tight bastard!
I'm not stalking you but I have managed to trace your family tree back to 1724
This year I've decided I'm going to exercise religiously... That means I'm going to work out on Easter and Christmas and I'm done.
Forget a joke you read on /r/jokes? Don't worry, it'll be posted again next week.
6: can i have ice cream? Me: ur room clean? 6: if I clean it can I have ice cream? M: sure 6:*looks at room* thats ok I dont need ice cream
I saw a beefle of buffaloes Really!? is a herd of buffaloes called a beefle? Nah, I was just joking...
A grand jury is made up of a cross-section of the community. I ride the train w/the cross-section & it's mostly people peeing on the floor.
Where does a cow go to watch a film? The mooovies. pls tell to friends.
Reddit's future
Why do doctors slap babies' butts right after they're born? To knock the penises off the smart ones.
You don't understand how hard it is to play Dungeons & Dragons when your dragon is gay, fabulous and always protesting violence. It's hard.
What pop star has the biggest nipples? Areola Grande
Who was the greatest prostitute of all time? Ms. Pacman. for 25 cents that bitch swallowed balls until she died
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar haha just kidding
A bunch of toilets were stolen from the police department... They have nothing to go on.
Forever 21... pounds overweight
What do you call a fat person with a flat butt? A hipobottomless
Two electrons are having a conversation... Electron 1: Do you know why they call it the XBOX 360? Electron 2: Why? Electron 1: Because when you see it, you spin 360 degrees and walk away!
Sometimes I squat... ...and pull my legs up to my chest and lean forward. Why? That's how I roll.
Why did the bat miss the bus? Because he hung around for too long.
What does a ninja and a muslim woman have in common? They're both invisible.
I like my coffee, how I like my slaves. free
Whats does dissecting a frog and explaining a joke have in common? Sure, you know how it works, but now it's dead.
Life is all about perspective... The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen.
as a teen did you ever steal your moms booze and fill it back up with water, or steal money out of her purse and fill it back up with water
A friend of mine wanted me to recommend a TV series that 'ends with a bang.' I told him he might like Cowboy Bebop.
What you should do if you have a rash Choose your doctor and medication carefully, you don't want to make any rash decisions.
I finally told my girlfriend about my sexy pirate fetish... She said she would get on board
Yo mama so fat The hulk couldn't even lift her up
One day I'm probably going to be too lazy to breathe and just die.
My career as a karate instructor was tragically curtailed when parents found out I was wholly unqualified & just enjoyed kicking children.
[leaving store without bag] Cashier: Forgetting something? ""Oh wow, how embarrassing"" *walks back to give her a hug and kiss on the lips*
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalottapuss
""Are you the ghost of Christmas past?"" - what I ask a person with a flip phone.
""I'll sleep when I'm dead."" - People who don't understand sleep. Or death. Or expressing themselves without the use of cliches.
Dandruff. Plastic bags. Dish soap --> things more interesting than my friends' Facebook updates
Photographer with really bad eyesight is the happiest because he doesn't need any lenses to see perfect bokeh.
Doctor: ""I'm afraid you have Alzheimer's AND you have Lupus..."" Patient: ""...well at least I don't have Lupus.""
People whose TL is only quotes from famous people---You do realize you're not a desk calendar, right?
Did you hear about the new pop singer that has giant nipples? Her name is Areola Grande.
1st vampire: How things? 2nd vampire: Terrible! Today I received a letter saying I'm overdrawn by 50 pints at the blood bank.
Q: Where do people who say ""shoot"" and ""darn"" go to? A: Heck
What's the same about Christmas and work? I do all the work and a fat man in a suit gets all the credit.
I think RoastMe should be renamed... to DaisExMachina.
How many Grateful Dead fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Trick question. Deadheads screw in sleeping bags.
My friend says that I've lost touch with reality but I told the pillow, that was absurd and to lower his voice before he woke the avocado.
Why is an apple a Dalek's favourite fruit? Because it keeps the Doctor away!
if you love something set it free. except Shamu.. we all love Shamu but he must be imprisoned forever
Did you hear about the organic compound who became a bully? Mean ether.
GOD: I've created donuts ANGEL: ooh they're yummy but why the hole? GOD: ANGEL: GOD: ANGEL: because they are holy GOD: because they are holy
What is the difference between Donald Trump and a bucket of cow manure? the bucket
Mary on Facebook says this generation is way to reliant on technology... She then sent me 7 Candy Crush invites
NSFW: Sperm 1: God I'm getting tired! How long 'til we reach the fallopian tubes? Sperm 2: Still a long way to go..........We've only passed the tonsils.
Please don't cry Seeing your tears makes me have to pee
Wow, the last couple of elections have been great! We had a white president, then a black president, and now an orange one.
I've spent the last six months trying to find my Mother-In-Law's killer, but no one is willing to do it.
Give a man a fish & he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to fish & he'll plan fishing trips with his buddies to escape from his annoying wife.
I don't want to tell you how to run your company, Hostess, but liquidating just as weed becomes legal seems like a bad business decision.
How much room is needed for fungi to grow? As mushroom as possible
A 1-2-3 punch of cow jokes **What do you call a cow with 2 legs?** *Lean beef.* **What do you call a cow with no legs?** *Ground beef.* **What do you call a masturbating cow?** *Beef strokinoff.*
I can guess what state you are from with a single question! What state are you from?
How many Shia laBeouf's does it take to change a lightbulb? NonononononononononoNONONONONONO! NONONONONONONO! NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO! (he can't.)
How many weeks are there in a light year?
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? Look for the fresh prints
When a woman says, ""We need to talk"", it's no good. Never has a woman said, ""We need to talk"" and followed it up with ""about pillow forts"".
It's funny because it's true So a catholic priest, a pedophile and a rapist walk into a bar. He orders a beer. the end
Why did the billionaire keep winning at Poker? He played his Trump card.
How to tell if someone is pedantic Say, ""Hey, you're being pretty pendantic."" If they respond with this, they're pedantic: ""No, I'm *pe*dantic, not *pen*dantic.""
Sia's full name is: ""Sia...Wouldntwannabia.""
Do extremely fat people still call them laptops?
At least Mexicans make good immigrants and don't bomb nobody.
I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it.
I'm sorry, I don't see why you can't have a crack house AND have it tastefully decorated.
Rules for being a good neighbor: 1. MIND YOUR OWN GODDAMN BUSINESS 2. Don't forget rule number one.
Why doesn't orange rhyme with anything? Because it's a Mandarin word
A man goes to the doctor... and he says, ""Doc, my eye hurts when I drink coffee."" Doctor says, ""Have you tried taking the spoon out of the cup first?""
Show me on this lemon where life gave it to you.
Step 1:Make pillows with""Love"" printed on them Step 2:Become a lawyer Step 3:Defend men who smother their GF with love Step 4:Become rich
My phone battery dies faster than a black guy in a horror movie.
What did the drunken Irishman say to the Chinese diplomat? http://www.reddit.com/r/Youwritethepunchline/comments/2zg1zy/what_did_the_drunken_irishman_say_to_the_chinese/
I used to supply filofaxes to the mafia I was involved in very organised crime
Two Asians are watching the weather forecast... ... and the forecast reports that there will be showers in the area. The first Asian says, ""Oh man!"" And the second Asian says, ""Bah, rain.""
[ Anything I buy from now until Christmas, I consider it a gift... ] Kids! Close your eyes and hold out your hands! ""Toilet paper?!""
what do you do with someone that is having a seizure in a bathtub? Throw in a load of laundry.
What is the most awkward day in Harlem? Father's Day
My son fed half of the petting zoo. That was the best way to dispose of the body.
There once was a man named Dave. He kept a dead whore in a cave. He said ""what the hell, You get used to the smell, And think of the money you save!""
print out the lyrics to ""Girls Just Wanna Fun"" and draw a red X through it all and you have the Quran, pretty much
How many people need to die before we fix... ...this horrendous piano dropping problem!
What do you call a waffle you drop in the desert? San Diego ^^San-dee-eygo ^^^^sandee-eygo ^^^^^sandy-eggo ^^^^^i'll ^^^^let^^^^myself^^^^out
If cops were really public servants they'd stop pulling me over and start cleaning my house.
I'm no longer interested in self-discovery
As a white person, I have a primal fear of getting lost in the snow.
In Soviet Unicorn, rainbow poops you!
Asked a Target employee if I could open this camera before I buy it and he said he wouldn't even care if I killed someone in front of him.
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia? Staple a piece of bread to the ceiling
What is the most popular game played by tornadoes? -Catch my drift
Why didn't the shrimp share his food?? He was a little shellfish
There's Only One Thing I hate More Than a Litterbug... ...having a dirty car.
Was JFK born in USA? Doubtful, he sounds Kennedyan!
""These fries are too crispy"" - inventor of the microwave
Not sure if you're a pretentious douchebag? Do you buy honey in a plastic flip-top bear? No? Pretentious douchebag.
What do gay horses eat? Haaaaaay!
Finding Nemo 3: Nemo's mom isn't dead. Nemo's dad kidnapped Nemo to avoid a custody dispute. Nemo's mom finds them. It's a revenge tale.
The neighbor's dog has barked non stop for three hours. And now I know how the Chinese first discovered that dogs make a tasty snack.
You want to hear an old racist joke? Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side. Told that by an old homeless guy.
Ugh my boyfriend's all ""Stop asking my Dad if he likes your underoos"" and ""Stop snap-chatting my Mom"" and ""Stop calling me your boyfriend""
Before the invention of Swiffers, people had to pick up dust with their own moist genitals.
What does Mrs. pancake say when you compliment her on her weight? Thank you, I'm flattened! I made this joke up on my drive home and am very proud of it. You monkeys better find it funny!
What lives in the ocean is grouchy and hates neighbours ? A hermit crab !
Yeah, that's it. I was an hour late for work because I forgot to adjust my clocks. That is also why I smell like liquor.
Last time I got some ass My finger went through the toilet paper
I'm growing my prostate to raise awareness for moustache cancer.
To me funny is beautiful.
Why is it called Windows 10? Because 7 8 9.
Why was the Polaroid fanfiction ignored by the photography community? Because it wasn't Canon.
""Doc, you gotta help me, I think I'm a chicken!"" Doctor: ""How long have you felt this way?"" Man: ""Ever since I was an egg.""
You know what cats don't like? Blow dryers. You know what's funny? Pointing your blow dryer at your cat. Anyway, I lost an eye today.
What's the difference between Jesus, and a picture of Jesus? It only took 1 nail to hang the picture.
He called me passive aggressive. I just smiled and left. Cut his brake lines on the way out for good measure, though.
Wife: The zoo called Me: [wearing hat made out of live lemurs] they say what they want?
Why aren't lions cannibals? They can't swallow their pride.
Why are so many lesbians vegetarian? Because they don't like to eat meat (   )
So we agree when the zombies come we feed em the teenagers first, right?
""It's a boy! "" Frank exclaimed. ""It's a boy!"" And he never visited Bangkok ever again.
Why are black people good at basketball? Because they can run, shoot and steal at the same time.
Why do airplanes have to go around the sweatpants factory? Because it's a NO FLY zone!
Sometimes I go days without even thinking about the Alamo.
Being an adult is 99% wondering how you hurt your back.
So my girlfriend thinks I'm stalking her. Well, she's not a my girlfriend but she will be soon.
How did Wendy die? The Baconator.
When I'm out with my kids and I see an x-boyfriend I like to scare him by saying ""Don't make eye contact with daddy.""
What do you call an elevator with a group of slim, softly spoken, intelligent people inside? A Lift (only a joke, my American friends)
WOW! The Vatican has declared child sex abuse is a crime. Next thing you know they'll ban burning witches!
MARRIAGE COUNSELOR: What is it that you are both most fearful of? WIFE: I just...[sobbing]...don't want the kids to suffer ME: Eels
What lies at the bottom of the sea and twitches? A nervous wreck.
Why is the ocean salty? Because land doesn't wave back.
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow blower? Give the bitch a shovel.
What do you call a lesbian with a SUV full of penises? Dick Van Dyke
[hat shop] OWNER: Sir stop or I'll call the police UNICORN: [surrounded by damaged hats] No one will believe you
What do you call Bill O'Reilly? Ass seen on TV.
*wife and I start having an argument in a crowded restaurant* *she storms out upset* *I follow* Outside: ""DINE AND DASH SUCCESS!"" *high 5*
What part of a hospital does an abortion patient avoid? The right wing
I have a very dry sense of humor. So I drink moisturizer.
The fastest way to make 500$: Start stock investment with 1000$
How much does a moil get paid for circumcision? Ninety-nine dollars plus tips.
A murder A man walks into a crowded bar, pulls out a knife, and murders another man. Then he walked out. * I bet you laughed, this joke is a *killer*
i need to get something off my chest *takes off my nipple*
Well why on Earth do you want to know?!?!! Do defensive time travellers exist?
If we get rid of all the margarine the world will be a butter place.
I looked up ""cock"" in the dictionary... It says ""the male of the domestic fowl or chicken"". That's all my black female neighbours ever talk about, they must really love fried chicken.
What do you call a girl with one leg. Eileen.
Steps on how to survive being stranded on a dessert island. 1) Check spelling. 2) If correct, enjoy.
If we all end up going to jail for downloading music...... I at least hope they separate us by music genre.
Every time I tell dad jokes He laughs
I hate when films say "" 'MAY' contain nudity?"" Either it does or it doesn't. DON'T WASTE MY TIME
I'm too calm to be a Dermatologist. I refuse to make rash decisions.
What did the gardener yell when his vegetarian friend visited? Run Berry, run!
""Shake what your mama gave ya."" ""You want me to shake a $25 Macy's gift card?""
Why are dyslexic zombies such good plumbers? Because they're always looking for drains.
Doctor Doctor I think I'm a moth. So why did you come around then? Well I saw this light at the window...!
If you tuck your t-shirt into your shorts, don't be surprised if my kid kicks you in the nuts. I'm trying to raise him right.
Katrina Hit me hard, Wrecked my house, threw all of my possessions around and flooded my basement, But I still think those jeans made her look fat.
When I said I wanted an origami book... I didn't mean a regular book in the shape of a butterfly.
I eat bits of metal all day... It's my staple diet.
A dyslexic gets to heaven. God says woof.
According to my autocorrect, i'm wearing edible pantries
There once was a soldier named Private Acid HQ called him back. When he got to home base, he was found neutralized.
I downloaded corn onto my computer. It messed up the kernel.
What do you call a Nun in a wheelchair? Virgin Mobile
German sausage Ain't it the wurst?
Has anyone heard of the movie 'Constipation'? No because it hasn't come out yet. Huehuehuehuehue
""Hey I like you"" ""I like you too"" ""Let's lick the inside of each other's mouths to express our love"" ""Yeah that's not weird. Let's do that""
Wow you changed your makeup in 16 different hot ways. And where did you learn those 8 moves that drove me wild *sees Cosmo on the table* ah
Husband to daughter's boyfriend... ...""Glad to finally meet you. I've noticed you in our food budget for some time now.""
Why is cocaine the alt-right's favorite drug? White powder!
Charlie couldn't believe he was being allowed into the Chocolate Factory His girlfriend had been so against it for years
Diarrhoea runs in my jeans
What happens when you give an Italian a coupon? It makes the Dego buy faster.
When is a door not a door? When it's a jar
Why did Mary Magdalene have an affair with Jesus? She heard about his second coming
They should bring lacrosse to the X Games... It would be a great opportunity to advertise ex-lax
Her: I LOVE your beard! Me: Thanks, yours is coming in nicely, too! Flirting with women my age is hard, guys.
Why are gardeners good at spreading religion. Because they can plant churches.
Why did Tiger Woods parents name him Tiger? Because he's half Thai, half African American. (Get it? It's funny cuz racisim.)
What's brown and runny? Usain Bolt.
There should be a trap door at the front of the line for coffee that opens into a pit of fire if you take too long to order.
""If you're flying with 3 kids, pick the 1 with the highest earning potential & then work your way down with oxygen masks."" -Flight attendant
A friend lectured me about going to see Star Wars alone, because ""that's weird."" As if chastising a grown man in a cloak is some normal shit
What is the most positive thing in Africa? HIV
Whoever wins the Oscar for Best Sound Mixer is gonna get so much sound mixing pussy it's not even funny.
Keep an identical glass of vodka next to the glass of water on your bedside table for a refreshing morning game of Russian Roulette
When you are trying to get out of the aisle at the movies, and you have to pass by people, do you give them the nut or the butt?
What keyboard shortcut do the elderly have the most trouble with? Ctrl+P
When meeting someone, I walk calmly and slowly toward them while something explodes behind me, because first impressions are important.
What's the difference between being hard at work and being hard at work. ...you can't be the latter if you're a teacher
The guy who developed Fractals.. The guy who developed fractals was Benoit B Mandelbrot, I heard the 'B' stood for 'Benoit B Mandelbrot'
According to a new report from BP, the earth will run out of oil in 53 years. Luckily, thanks to BP, the ocean will still have plenty...
Mime Ninja Silent, But Deadly.
I'm no relationship scientist but I think men prefer girls who make their dck hard, not their life.
I saw two blokes having a fight... I shouted, ""My money's on the one with the knife!"" You should have seen how fucking fast they both ran off.
""Give me the best quality TV commercial I can get for $57!"" -Every attorney apparently
Guy across the road can't get his truck started. Now he's rolled up his sleeves. That's how you start trucks. By rolling up your sleeves.
Wanna hear a joke about cats? Haha, just kitten.
The last time I had sex, there was a dinosaur in the cave with us.
A procrastinator walks into a bar I'll post the rest later..
What Does a Gynecologist and a Pizza worker have in common? They both get to smell it, but neither gets to eat it.
Why do crows do vocal exercises every morning? For the Good of the Caws.
Cooking tip: You can almost always substitute Nutella for a serious relationship.
If you google ""MySpace"" your computer will ask ""Are you fucking serious right now?""
First year my husband didn't give me some sort of sweet on our anniversary. I got roses. He thinks I'm fat. I know it.
Why do vegans don't like to kiss?? It gives them butterflies in their stomach
I wonder if anyone being chased by a bear has ever tried just turning around and saying in a really stern voice ""NO...Bad Bear""?
What happens on Santa's lap......stays on Santa's lap.
Writing a good suicide note is hard, especially if you don't know that person's handwriting.
Kitty Pryde walks into a bar Something is disrupting her mutant power.
Mitt Romney's dick tastes nice said Donald Trump.
Roses are... Roses are grey, Violets are grey, i'm colourblind, and Canadian, eh?
Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarves are not happy.
Civil War reenactments are a lot like meetings. You do the same thing over and over again while waiting for your turn to die.
What's the difference between a mexican and a perubian? The passport
Why does it take 10 women with premenstrual tension to change a light bulb? IT JUST DOES, OK JERK?!!!! NOW SHUT UP OR I WILL STAB YOU WITH THE SCISSORS!
Why did the fox cross the road? It was chassing after the chicken!
If laziness was an Olympic sport... I would be fourth so I wouldn't have to step up on the podium. Edit: too lazy for dictionaries, thanks /u/ReddSpy
How many married women does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Yeah right, like married women ever screw anything other than poolboys.....
Food trucks were invented by a guy who really loved fast food but hated how cheap it was & how he didn't have to stand in line forever.
*Feels the chill* Chill: I have a boyfriend
Did you hear about the cannibal who cloned himself to see what he would taste like? It made him shit himself.
How to fall down stairs: Step 1: Step 2: Step 3: Step 4: Step 5: Step 6: Step 7: Step 8: Step 9: Step 10: Step 11: Step 12: Step 13: Step 14: Step 15: Step 16: Step 17: Step 18: Step 19: Step 20:
How did the aliens hurt the farmer? They trod on his corn.
Little known fact: a penguin's head can rotate 390 degrees. Once.
What do you call the survivors of the holocaust? Residue.
I used to think I was homophobic. It turns out that I was just afraid of monsters in the closet.
Why did Bilbo Baggins live for so long? Because old Hobbits die hard...
A rich kid sees a poor kid kicking a can down the road The rich kid says ""Hey, you, what're you doing?"" The poor kid says ""Moving.""
Fat Chinese What do you call a Chinese person? A Chink. What do you call a FAT Chinese person? A Chunk.
What's the difference between a Jew and a Bullet? The Bullet leaves the chamber. Courtesy of my comrade Ivo
Atoms make up everything... so naturally you shouldn't trust them.
What kind of water do you drink when the snow melts? Spring water.
Your vagina is so dry... ...That Native Americans do rain dances around it.
I gave my son some masturbation advice. ""Slow the fuck down, you're going to rip my cock off."" I told him.
What do you call an Italian hooker? A pastatute!
I am not pro gay. I am not even amateur gay. But, I support their rights.
I broke up with my gym We just weren't working out.
I'd name my daughter Roxanne. I'd play the song for her all the time so she knows she doesn't HAVE to be a prostitute.
What do the World Trade Center and genders have in common? There used to be two of them, but now it's too offensive to talk about.
Excuse me, miss. I'm sure you hear this everyday but... ... do you know where the nearest McDonald's is?
I hired a pizza chef as my new golf coach. One way or another the dude is gonna fix my slice.
I opened a company selling landmines that look like prayer mats Prophets are going through the roof
I think ugly people have children just to prove to everyone they had sex.
Why don't the citizens of Boston build igloos? Meh. They just aren't in' uit.
I find it inconsiderate that policemen always ask if I had been drinking but they never bother to ask if I had anything to eat at all
Did you hear Mike Tyson was just arrested for nearly beating a Pizza Hut waitress to death? As he was finishing eating, she asked ""Hey, mister, you wanna box for the rest of your pizza?
How do you tell the difference in an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? Taste
When I killed a... When I killed a honeybee dad told me no honey for a week. When I killed a butterfly he said no butter for a week. Well mom just killed a cockroach, should I tell her for you?
Knock Knock Who's there ! Blue ! Blue who ? Blue away with the wind !
A neutron walks into a bar... ...and asks ""how much for a drink?"" The bartender replies ""For you, no charge.""
The Chipotle I went to apologized for not having any lettuce today. I said ""It's cute that you think I'm here for that.""
A man goes to a doctor. The doctor examines him and finds out he has five penises. The doctor says, ""That's amazing! How do your pants fit?"" The man says, ""Like a glove.""
LPT How to beat morning wood I find my right hand does the job quite nicely.
Yea, let's do that Old bull and young bull are enjoying a snack atop of hill one morning, and the young bull shouts 'let's run down there and fuck all these heifers!' Old bull replies ' let's walk'
I wasn't snoring.. I was dreaming I'm a dirt bike.
What's black, purple, and hates sex? The kid in my trunk.
What's the difference between a jew and a dollar? It's illegal to burn a dollar.
Did you hear about the sewer line breaking during a funeral earlier? It was a shitty mourning.
What is the stupidest animal in the jungle? The polar bear.
Justin Bieber? Why would someone call their daughter Justin?
Today may be the hottest day of the year but all the other days have nicer personalities.
How do you play the Oscar Pistorius drinking game? When your girlfriend goes to the bathroom, take two shots.
How do you hire an elephant ? Stand it on four bricks !
Can someone give me a pun about death of a salesman. preferably about willy, but anything will do
[first day as a celebrity chef] *Just a heartrending 40 minute montage of me struggling to get the potato masher out of the cutlery drawer*
What's the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? One you see later, and the other after a while.
Drinking Remember, it isn't drinking alone when you're pregnant.
Marriage equality AND marijuana laws passed? Now we know what Leviticus really meant by ""A man who layeth with another man must be stoned.""
Let's get this out of the way now. Next Wednesday, the date will be 12-12-12. Happy?
You guys have been the worst hostages I've ever used, hands down. *everyone lowers their hands* GODDAMN IT!!
I pick and choose the traffic laws I'll follow.
Solid Snake is hiding in the shadows what time is it? Time for you to get a watch.
Just what is it that makes Italian desserts so appealing? One cannoli guess.
When stoves die... they go to hoven. I'm^so^sorry
5 and I are playing ""guess the number I'm thinking of"" with no limits and no clues. He's guessing sequentially from 1. Talk next week, guys!
So I read this book about a camping trip, It was really intents... I'll see myself out.
I bet it's crazy hard to do the YMCA dance in Chinese...
I had a job circumcising elephants. The pay wasn't much, but the tips were huge!
Over the Internet, you can pretend to be anyone or anything. I'm amazed that so many people choose to be complete idiots.
Had sex for an hour and 30 seconds today Thankyou daylight savings
What does DJ Khaled call his mexican friends? Another Juan
Based on the rate of sagging pants, it is predicted that by 2017, people will just pull their pants behind them with a rope.
Before Twitter, I used to be stupid in the privacy of my own mind.
My daughter has an ice skating date with her boyfriend tonight. So I'll be the guy skating behind two 12 year olds carrying a shotgun.
CUSTOMER: Can you make a pig shake?  WAITER: Tell him the wolf is coming.
*Girl opens Xmas present* ""Why'd you get me carrots and lettuce?"" ""Wait but that means-"" *Hamster at home wearing glorious diamond earrings*
If you ever Google ""Gary Oldman"" For fuck sakes don't forget the ""r"" in Gary!!!
What is a childs's favourite type of Halloween candy? Lots a candy.
How embarrassing! I tripped and fell out of my clothes.
I went to a vegan restaurant once. Wait, no, that was just a florist.
what is the hardest part to eat on a vegetable? the wheelchair.
As a kid, I had a real obsession with Posh Spice It cost my parents a fortune in saffron...
Imagine a place where you can buy everything related to the Sith and the Dark Side It would be called the Darth Mall... ...and everything would be half off
If your joints pop, snap, and crack when you move your not old... Your just crispy. 
Difference between an android and an iphone. *iphone falls to the floor* Breaks screen. *android falls to the floor* Breaks floor.
An old man was asking God: ""God, how much time do I have until I'll die?"" And God answered: ""Nine."" ""God, is that you? What do you mean? Nine months? Nine years?"" ""Eight, seven, six...""
whats the worst thing about being a black jew? you have to sit in the back of the oven...
God's last name isn't damn. Well technically it's ""Jean God Van Damn""
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil? No one's ever paid to have a lentil on their face.
What did Beyonce say when Jay-Z refused anal? If you liked it you should had put a ring muscle on it!
Little does this young woman in the house behind mine who just closed the curtains know that it was the curtains I was looking at.
Those Valentine's Day displays at the entrance of every store are like surprise parties for your loneliness.
I'm really bad at making at fences Oops, wrong place for this post
I wonder if both Wright Brothers were behind their inventions, or it was just one & their mother yelling ""Wilbur, you include your brother!""
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, except for bears, bears will kill you.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot It got so bad, eventually we had to take his bike away
Whoever coined the phrase coined the phrase is a fucking asshole.
What do you call a soldier that got attacked by mustard gas and pepper spray?? A seasoned veteran
What was the border patrol agent's greatest regret? The Juan that got away.
Arguing with someone spoils your day and mood, increases your blood pressure and is bad for your health. Instead of arguing, Just punch them in the fucking face and be done with it.
Today at the church, the lady next to me lit a cigarette and started smoking it... I almost dropped my beer in shock.
Q: What is the pink stuff between  elephant's toes? A: Slow clowns.
Two unconnected vertices? That's where I draw the line.
One time I had a boss who called me while he was in the bathroom, and then he accidentally peed on himself, so sometimes good things happen.
I don't like going to the beach. I'm a playa hater.
My wife and I got into an argument she said 'you should treat me like I'm the last woman on earth' I said- what, lock you down in the basement and let men cum on your face for a million dollars?
[Sick Humour] What sits in the corner of the room, crying and getting smaller and smaller? A baby combing it's hair with a vegetable peeler.
I'll never forgive the Nazis for how they treated my Granddad in that concentration camp during the war... Five years he was there on that machine gun tower, and never got a single promotion...
I've been reading an interesting book about rainbows and colors. It taught me different ways to view color. It's not all black and white
How are women and linoleum floors alike? You lay them right the first time and you can walk all over them for the next 20 years.
Today is the day I release the coyote I trained on Windows 95 back into the wild.
What did one lesbian vampire say to another? See you next month.
Attack today with a positive attitude. Absolutely destroy it with good vibes. Murder its family with hope.
Have you ever had sex while camping? It's fucking in tents!
What is colder than the dwarf planet Pluto? Legal judgements against fathers
6 was jealous about other kids getting notes in their lunches, so I put one in his: ""Sorry, I ate your pudding. Love, Dad.""
Have you ever had sex while camping? It's fucking in tents.
Do flashers have dreams where they leave the house and suddenly realize they've got their pants on?
I'm not saying you're an idiot, I'm typing it.
There are 10 types of people: Those who understand binary code and those who don`t.
My wife caught me cheating last night and i feel so ashamed and full of regret. She's never going to play monopoly with me again!
I can't handle the pressure of competitions. Even in eating races I choke!
A Storm Trooper and a Red Shirt get into a fight. Storm Trooper misses every shot. Red Shirt dies anyways.
Facebook: where English goes to die.
Next time someone knocks on your bathroom stall say ""Sorry, I'm with a client.""
I wear gasoline for cologne because b*tches love money.
If Donald Trump became president... one could say he coined a term.
I hate when I put food in the microwave and it starts making explosive noises so I check and it's still cold. Why you gotta be so childish?
Sorry I romantically ran a seagull feather across your lips.
English and American spellings England: colour America: color England: humour America: humor England: flavour America: flavor England: What the hell are you doing? America: Getting rid of u
How many questions did the politician answer? 9/11
What do chickens serve at birthday parties ? Coop-cakes !
There should be a prenatal test to find out if you're gonna have one of those kids with tiny teeth and giant gums.
It Looks Like a Booger But it's SNOT!
What do you call a metalhead with a cold? Flemmy
Trump and Hillary are in a plane crash. Who survives? America
got my blood test results back today, and it's just as i feared. my body is filled with a ton of blood.
Therapist: So what's the problem? Wife: He thinks he's a flamingo. Me: That's it! I'm putting my foot down. *lowers foot that was raised*
I told my wife she should call me a champion bullrider... Because I consistently last 8 seconds riding a horned animal.
I may not look good naked, but I'm a beautiful person on the insi.... Hahahaha just kidding I look great naked
Turkey shot down Syrian helicopter at the border. How did they train it to do that?
How do you find a blind man on a nude beach? It ain't hard....
Remember how terrified Sarah Connor was when the Terminator came around the corner @ the hospital in T2? IMAGINE IF IT HAD BEEN STEVE HARVEY
A math joke told to me by another redditor... So... What did the integral say to the equation? ""I don't even...""
The Final Jeopardy category is: Movies. The answer is: 300. The correct question is: on a scale of 1 to 10, how gay was that movie?
What do you get when you cross Ebola and Tourette Syndrome?
My favorite workout is a mix between a lunge and a crunch, I call it lunch.
A shitty geometry joke What do you call a fancy bisexual scottish cane? An anglo biscepter
My dog has figured out I'm Chinese. He totally tried to make a run for it. Silly dog, I'm not going to eat you until I train a replacement.
I heard the comedians at Jamestown were pretty bad... The punchlines were so shitty everyone died.
If someone ever challenges you to a fight, pull your pants off and chase them crotch first. I'm currently undefeated with this method.
My girlfriend tried to tell me an abuse joke But I beat her to the punch
Yesterday, I subscribed to Bigflix ...And now my new favorite word starts with a P and ends with O R N... That's ""Popcorn""!! What were you thinking you pervert!!!
.. How are you on your grind, if you're on twitter all the time?
Why did Tiger Woods cheat on his wife? He's used to playing 18 holes.
women's rights
- If any person believes that these 2 shouldn't be joined in holy matrimony, speak now or... - THE PRIEST ALREADY SAID THAT! - Ugh, I do.
What does a dog like to wear when it's exercising? Pants.
What goes ""quick, quick""? Duck in a hurry. (c) beatattitude 2014
Its cool to pee into blue toilet water and watch it turn a different color... just not when it turns purple
what do you call a guy who cries when he masturbates? a tear-jerker
Mexican Carpet layer. What does a Mexican put under his carpet? Underlay! Underlay!
The frog was double parked... And that's why she got Toad.
If a man named Terry Richards kills you because you insulted him
I can't believe after all that shit they're back together again... &gt
Why is gay marriage still a thing? Because people are fucking assholes
I asked my daughter's dentist for her favorite joke. Was not disappointed. What is the latest fad among teenage mermaids in the city of Atlantis? Taking shellfies with their shellphones.
What do you get hanging from orange trees? Sore arms.
Roadside motels are a good place to stay if you haven't decided yet whether you want to kill someone or be killed.
Q: How do cats buy things? - A: From a  cat-alogue!
Why can't Helen Keller drive a car? Because she's dead.
I can't stand the kids of this generation. It's always meme, meme, meme.
Before emjois i had to end texts to my girlfriends with ""two girls holding hands* heart* kissy face* glass of wine* nail polish* red lips.""
What is the thing called that irrigates your lawn? A garden Jose.
Free Willy.....Again?!?!?! Why da phuq! Did they have to ""free Willy"" so many f***ing times?!?!
Sometimes I masturbate while driving The passengers on my bus don't like it, but the high school hasn't fired me yet...
What i if told you You that read wrong And that probably too
The first time I spent the night at my girlfriend's house, her father would not let us sleep together... ...which is a shame because he was very attractive.
Dark jokes Saturday: What is the most offensive brand name you can come up with? Winners get gold! My contribution: ""Auschwitz"" air freshener.
Pardon me while I slip into something a little more... unconscious.
I was talking to some insects about my feet. I think they're pretty big, but mosquitos think they're bite-sized.
So the past, present, and future walk into a bar. It gets really tense.
Hey, Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut. #DadJokes
[DEATH ROW] WARDEN: Last meal? CON: Just a glass of lemonade please *Drinks lemonade/Burps* WARDEN: Pardon [CON WALKS FREE]
*smoke detector chirps* me*takes battery out* *chirp* me*cuts wires* *chirp* me*smashes it with a hammer* *chirp* wife:We have more than one
Raspberry buy guitar Raspberry take lessons Raspberry answer ad Raspberry show up at drummer's house Raspberry plug in Raspberry Jam
So the American people's choices for President of the United States will most likely be Donald Trump or Hilary Clinton. That's it. That's the joke. There is no punchline.
How many South Americans are boycotting the World Cup final? Brazilians
How does an abstract artist paint? They wipe their ass with canvas.
What did the fuse say when it blew out? Sorry, I couldn't resist.
What do you call a reptile that loves putting things in groups? a segreGATOR
Do you guys know the story about the broken pencil? Nevermind, it has no point.
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat? Uncle bens rice
Why did the flume ride need repairs? Because it got waterlogged.
A question related to math so Bob has 20 dollar and Tyrone takes 15 dollars away from Bob. What color is Tyrone ?
If I were Luke Skywalker it would have taken me about six minutes to turn R2-D2 into a bong.
Questionably funny ""Knock Knock"" ""Who's there?"" ""Police"" ""Police who?"" ""Police open the door"" Posted this in anti-jokes since it is not really funny, and was told to put it here.
Girls call me the Burgermeister Meisterburger... After they get with me, they throw away all their toys.
What did the Japanese General say to his kamikaze trainee? Despite what everyone tells you, you'll never learn from your mistakes.
What does a plumber call screwing his wife [NSFW] Servicing the dishwasher
Each time a person sneezes on an airplane, that sneeze circulates the entire airplane cabin before being filtered out by vents.
Why do owls not mate when it's raining? Toowet Towoo
I drink black coffee Because I'm not racist.
I work in a library and a black guy asked me if there are any coloured printers... I said, ""Dude, it's 2016 you can use any printer you want.""
A Nurse talks to her young Patient Kid: Thanks for helping me get through these tough times, will you come and see me when I get out? Nurse: I'd love to, but I am scared of visiting graveyards
My Canadian 4yo just told me he wants to be Captain America if anyone wants to take a traitor off my hands.
Why do chicken coops have 2 doors? Because if they had 4 doors they would be called chicken sedans!
A dyslexic agnostic stays awake at night wondering if there really is a dog.
I accidently opened the fitness app and my phone immediately called to report itself stolen.
People Say It's Annoying When I Talk To Myself... Stop being so hard on yourself.
*With only office supplies, she diffuses the bomb with 1 second to spare* Boss: What are you doing? Me: *shoves action figures in desk.*
What kind of horses only come out after dark? Nightmares!
What brings the monster's babies? The  Frankenstork.
March Into Battle by Sally Forth
""You are what you eat."" I'm about 90% burrito.
What is your favourite shaggy dog tale?
Somewhere, some Nigerian lawyer is wondering why you're not sending him the personal information that he needs to give you your inheritance
When she says she prefers the strong, silent type she means her vibrator.
What is the difference between Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler? Hitler had big hands
I fell on my arm and had to have an operation on my funny bone. I was in stitches for two weeks.
What would you rather have Parkinson's or Alzheimer's? At least with Parkinson's you have half a pint.
What do you call a paedophile crustacean? A Diddler Crab
Toddler: I don't like you. *hits* Adult: I don't like you. *tracks your movements for the rest of your life*
Whats the difference between a paycheck and a penis? You dont have to beg your wife to blow one of them.
Why did the AC wave try to hang himself? He was sinusoidal.
WIFE: Please stop. ME: Stop what? WIFE: Singing in the shower. ME: What's the big deal? WIFE: You're scaring everyone at Home Depot.
If a movie is ever titled Reception, we know it won't be starring AT&T.
I wish there was some way to tell if someone was an idiot or not. But we can't have everything we wish for. -Send from my iphone
If it's true that spiders are more scared of me than I am of them, why have I never seen a spider crawl away screaming like a little girl?
""OK...that Trust Exercise didn't go exactly according to plan. Once we dispose of the bodies let's keep quiet about this...AS A TEAM!""
Things that have occurred in history since the Chicago Cubs last won a World Series... I had an ice cream cone. That I dripped all over myself.
[in Paris] Will you have sex with me? ""No monsieur."" Okay, like, I don't speak French. BLINK ONCE FOR NO AND TWICE FOR YES.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers.
Me: Are you still wearing pajamas? Go change. 4yo: *Goes upstairs *Comes down wearing different pair of pajamas
Although many forms of punctuation are thought to be antiquated, I still believe we live in a hyphen-nation. I still believe we live in a hyphen-nation.
What does a neckbeard call a disease or ailment? ma'lady
An Apple store near where I live got robbed $25k worth of merchandise was stolen. The police said that they will get both computers back.
What does the 'H' in Jesus 'H' Christ stand for? Haploid
I woke up next to a girl this morning... She must have been absolutely wasted, she didn't know who I was, Although that may have been the Roofies I slipped in her drink.
I have a terrible habit of telling people when I have to take a shit. Heh, gotcha.
Its pretty annoying how women complain about having 1 baby in their stomach I have like a million in my ballsack and im not complaining.
Your mom's like a gong, everybody bangs her.
My neighbour knocked on my door at 2:30am, can you fucking believe that, 2:30am. Luckily for him I was still up playing my Bagpipes.
A robot walks into a bar, orders a drink, and lays down some cash. The bartender says, ""we don't serve robots."" The robot replies, ""oh, but some day you will.""
Did you hear about the cannibal that ate undercooked food? He threw his arms up in disgust.
In a Mexican restaurant, Are the restrooms called ""Juans""?
Bar joke - What's the difference between the dog and the fox? About four beers
Library Asked librarian for book on suicide. Said no one returns them.
Q:what do you catch when you go ice fishing   A:a cold
US follows Britain BRITAIN: ""Hey, America, watch this!"" *BRITAIN SETS ITSELF ON FIRE* USA: ""Cool. Can I borrow your lighter?""
airplane food whats up with that?
When someone says we can do something ""weather permitting"" I remind them that weather's not the boss of me. Snow or no snow, I'm not going.
How many Biology undergrads does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one, but doing it will make them think they're going to be an electrician in the future.
What causes something to go up and then down? Viagra falls
WHY DOES THIS BOTTLE OF BODY WASH HAVE DIRECTIONS PRINTED ON IT
I just want to hug this out. With my hands around your neck type of hug. What I mean is, I want to strangle you.
What got the apple into skydiving? Pear pressure.
What's the difference... Q: What's the difference between a brown-noser and an ass-kisser? A: Depth Perception
is that a banana in your pocket or oh cool yeah good source of potassium.
I got a vasectomy at Sears! Was really inexpensive, but now whenever I get an erection, my garage door opens.
Have you seen the world's biggest thermometer? I hear it's fair in height
Top uses for Golf Balls: 1. Describing hail storms 2. Describing tumors 3. Playing golf
Experimental Music sounds like a cool idea until you realize that the experiment is how bad something can be, and still be called music.
What washes up on tiny beaches? Microwaves.
What's the last sound you hear before a pube hits the floor? tppppthh....""spit sound""
""The best part of waking up was the Folgers in my cup"" - Suicide note, first draft
What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle? Beef Strokin-off!
This joke isn't fast. It's not slow either. I guess it's just half-fast.
Niggas be like I want a girl that rocks Jordan's, plays video games, and watches sports with me"" wtf? You want a boyfriend nigga
How do teenage boys keep warm? Jackit
Do poodle owners realize they just bought a dog with a shitty 1980s white girl perm?
What's that one place in Thailand called? Ahh Phuket. Nevermind.
Damn girl are you Schrodinger's cat cos you're in a box and all these nerds are talking about you? Sir have some respect this is a funeral.
Have you heard the latest trend... Have you heard the latest trend that's blowin' up the Internet? It's cyber-terrorism.
I thought reverse psychology was when.. you made your therapist cry
Having sex is like playing an instrument. When you do it right, you'll start hearing noises.
English joke - What's another name for Santa's elves? Subordinate Clauses
What kind of pizza do pilots like? Plain.
I'm surprised the human race doesn't solve more conflicts with warm bread.
Relationships are a lot like algebra.. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
WIFE: Hey why are all our potatoes dressed in tiny outfits and arranged in a little scene? ME: [hiding Photato Album] Why? Do you like it?
Statistics never show how many accidents each year are the direct result of a guy checking out some chick's ass.
How does Hitler line people up to get ready for mass genocide? Jew by Jew
The phrase ""Getting nickeled and dimed"" hasn't kept up with inflation... We're definitely getting dollared now.
Some coworkers sign emails with ""cheers"" or ""sincerely"" followed by their names but I typically use ""you've made a powerful enemy today.""
Old joke perfect for redditors. Frog walks into a library and the librarian puts down books and the frog says ""reddit, reddit, reddit."". Just thought I'd share
What does Las Vegas have in common with Scotland? Not a lot, but in both you can pay for sex with chips.
[guy who just got out of prison on a technicality] ""what were you in for?"" murder, a guy... a guy... ""spit it out man"" a guy, interrupted me
Why learn a second language, when you don't have anything interesting to say in your first one?
""You are what you eat."" Not exactly the best thing to say to a paralyzed vegetarian
New Irish sport A new sport is sweeping Ireland. Apparently everyone gathers round and watches a scruffily dressed man lazing about. It's called ""Tramp-o-leaning"".
I'm more than tenacious. I'm elevenacious.
Why do husbands typically die before their wives? They want to.
A few years back dos Equis asked me to be the spokesperson for their beer. I told them I wasn't interested.
pushing an obese dude down a hill wasn't what i had in mind when you asked me if i wanted to roll a fatty.
Where do SJWs belong? In an oven.
The worst part of forgetting a woman's name... Is when you can't quite come up with it, but she's right on the tip of your tongue.
Bad timing for an excuse Teacher: Why were you late? Pupil: Sorry teacher I overslept. Teacher: It's three in the afternoon!
More money is spent on boob jobs and Viagra than on Alzheimer's research! By 2040 the elderly will have perky tits, stiff cocks and no fucking idea why!
Starbucks needs a separate line for people who say ""um""
It's been confirmed by People Magazine that Bruce Jenner is transitioning into a woman I say good on him, at least he's got the balls to do it.
What did Horatio say to the pathological liar in CSI: Miami? Won't get fooled again!
interviewer: any interests outside of work me: war and space documentaries mom: he means star wars me: mom stay in the car mom: nerd
A muslim, a communist, and an illegal immigrant walk into a bar. The bartender says hello Mr. President.
What do you call a fake shit? A sham poo
What travels down an alley and has holes in it? A bowling ball. Or Bruce Wayne's parents.
Scanned a customer in the eyes with a barcode reader for being rude to me.... ...should have seen the look on his face, it was priceless
Every onion looks like it was in an abusive relationship.
folks nowadays love Buzzfeed lists. well guess what kids, I've got a ""Top 10 list"" for u thats total #WIN. it's called the 10 Commandments
(NSFW) What's the difference between Jam and Jelly ...You can't jelly your dick down a girls throat
I thought my name was ""Stop encouraging her"" until I was 11.
Why did the Mexican Army only bring 5000 soldiers to the Alamo? They only had 2 vans
I was going to make a pun about flexibility I decided not to because it was too much of a stretch.
The greatest harbor on Earth can shelter not a single ship... It is truly without pier.
Women are good for 70 things. cleaning house, and 69
We're having a traditional Thanksgiving this year. We're going to invite the neighbors to dinner, murder them, and take their land.
What's wrong with Andrew Jackson? He had an Underground Rail Road too, called the Trail of Tears.
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar
I hate Russian Dolls They're so full of themselves.
I found out how to make my penis 16 inches I Fold mine in half
My buddies said I should sign up for a Golf Tournament I told them no, I always lose, Then they said it was for crippled children. I thought, well damn, maybe I could win this then.
Donald Trump doesn't like Mexicans, and I'm terrible with timed writing prompts. I guess we have similar opinions... We both hate ese's.
Pete and Repete walk into a bar... Pete and Repete walk into a bar, Pete walks out. Who is left?
They constantly call trump a white supremacist, but how can he be that when he's not even white himself? He is orange.
I like my comedic timing like my pizza delivery With pepperoni.
Why does the US name Arkansas Arkansas Because Its Arkansas not YourKansas
Don't forget to take a screen shot of the weather forecast today and post it on Instagram.
God only gives you what you can handle. Really? Because I'm pretty sure I could handle way more money.
Pretty certain the only way I'd ever be involved in gardening is if someone murdered me & planted me in their garden.
I'm on a dinghy!
What do you call a semi truck owned by an Italian? That rig a Tonys.
What do you call a ""to-go"" dish ordered from German-Italian restaurant? Alfredosehen
Don't be nervous if someone is driving ahead of you- the world is round, just think that you're driving first!
What do Syrian refugees eat for breakfast? Syrial!
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle? Attire
Women's magazines: 20 pages ""accept yourself"" 40 pages ""loose 30kgs in 4 weeks"" And Cake recipes..
(NSFW) What did cinderella do when she got to the ball? Gagged.
Ask me if I'm a tree. ""Ok, are you a tree?"" No
When drinking liquor while watching baseball, at what point will you be the most drunk? Bottom of the fifth, of course.
""Algebra.""  really laid back oceanographer, responding to ""What's that green stuff?""
If she is married or has a boyfriend make sure she swallows the evidence.
Fifteen years ago we had Johnny Cash, Steve Jobs and Bob Hope. Now we have no cash, no jobs and no hope.
Women order the fuck out of coffee. ""Give me a chocolate mocha latte with 3 sugars, 2 Splendas, 4 elf pubes and 2 grams of pixie dust.""
I didn't expect a bug to crawl out of my Meth stash... But it just came out of the blue.
What is green, has 8 wheels, and flies? A garbage truck
How did the hipster got his tongue burnt? He drank his coffee before it was cool.
What did Ned Stark say when his daughter told him that she was pregnant? Are ya?
Even if they all unite against Trump, those seven countries won't get off the list A seven nation army couldn't hold Trump back.
Why don't Southern girls engage in orgies? Too many thank-you notes.
I think my favorite MLK Day tradition is giving pans of ex-lax laced brownies to all the local racist organizations.
What does a duck put in its burrito? Quackamole.
How do you titillate an ocelot? You oscillate it's tits a lot.
What are you going to do for a face? When the monkey wants its bum back? :D
I googled ""where do ninjas live?"" no results were found. Well played ninjas. Well played.
My signature sex move is flirting like a pornstar then getting awkward as fcuk once it looks like something could actually happen.
What did the grape say when the elephant stood on it? Nothing. It just let out a little wine.
If con is opposite of pro .... then is Congress the opposite of progress?
A seal walks into a club... _
Wife: Your PMS jokes aren't funny. Me: I can't help it, they just flow out of my mouth. Wife: ... Me: Fine. No more. Period. Wife: *eyeroll*
Why is thanksgiving such a special holiday at the gas station? It is a day to be tankful.
[creation of insects] LIGHTNING BUG: I will illuminate the night BEE: I will pollinate flowers FLY: I will eat shit and die
My VW Beetle can't deliver when I want a ""GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY WAY"" honk. It's all, ""Hi! Let's get a latte after you move just a smidge!""
Two Sardars were fixing a bomb in a car. Sardar 1: What would you do if the bomb explodes while fixing? Sardar 2: Don't worry, I have one more.
A male feminist walks into a bar. . . Because it was set so low
How are Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd similar? Both's greatest hit was The Wall
I've always wanted to pursue a career in self-deprecating humor I'd go for it if I wasn't so fucking stupid.
My mom wants a new cooking skillet for Christmas. I haven't got the dough, but oh well, we'll see how things pan out.
Runs with scissors Gets hit by bus
The Passion of the Christ 2: Jesus in Space He conquered the sins of the world, but can he conquer the sins of the galaxy?
You know what really grindes my gears? When I don't push the clutch down far enough.
What is white and 14 inches long? Nothing.
2 out of 3 Americans live beside a paedophile Not me though. I live beside two hot 12 year olds
""Nobody knows my suffering."" - Everybody
An old favorite I just remembered What the difference between jelly and jam? I can't jelly my dick down your throat.
I got confused watching highlights from the SAG awards. I always thought they were the 15-year reunions of the AVNs.
Why did the dyslexic man have slime on his face? Because I told him a good joke.
Recently during the heavy rains they have experienced in New England the mail carrier for one neighborhood commeneted on the ""pouring rain."" Well atleast the dew point is coming down!
Why don't women wear skirts in the winter? Ever try and peel apart a cold grilled cheese sandwich?
Why do French tanks have review mirrors? Because they want to see the front line too
Doctor doctor give me the news I've got a bad case of lov- oh what's that? It's AIDS? Well that just doesn't rhyme at all
ME: why is my son failing TEACHER: just because u gave him that name doesnt mean he'll be intelligent ME: [gasping] cover ur ears Smartboy
Hey @realDonaldTrump, try pressing the caps lock key... @realDonaldTrump: O THANKS!!! ITS SO MUCH EASIER TO WRITE NOW!!!!!!!
What meme do Uber drivers hate? Do you even Lyft, bro?
My daughter ruined her Halloween costume. Gonna wrap her in aluminum foil and send her out as a leftover.
What's the difference between having sex while skydiving and a smelly vagina? Well, one's a kinky stunt...
Be There or Be Square Because if you will be there, you will be around.
Word of the day - Obama. I opened a bottle of brandy and drank it Obama self.
Atheism just made less sense to me once I saw my neighbor Karen's tits.
How do astronomers plan a party? they planet.
Sleeping Beauty taught me that: 1. I'm not the laziest girl in the land 2. If you sleep long enough, strange men break in & do stuff to you.
Why are there so many female archaeologist? Bitches love digging up the past
You know when doctors leave the room they are just checking Web MD right?
A rabbi, a Priest, and a duck walk into a bar... and the bartender says ""What is this, a fucking joke?""
Q: What did Obi-Wan say to Luke at the breakfast table? A: ""Use the fork, Luke.""
I have a stepladder because.... My real ladder left me when I was young.
If you're in a bar and a newscaster says, ""Police report the killer left a small doll at the scene" don't shout, ""It was an action figure!""
Everyone had heard of the Ronald McDonald house for abused children..... Now they're opening the tempura house for lightly battered women.
My girlfriend's dad accused me of being a pedophile just because she's 18 and I'm 32. It really ruined our 10th anniversary.
Peanut butter You're almost as good as chocolate Which is almost as good as cheese Which is tied with vodka -Poem about the food pyramid
Thanks for being here right on time. We'll see you in a few hours. - Doctors
I was clinging for dear life to the face of the cliff. As the rescue team approached one of the guys shouted ""Whatever you do, don't look down"". So I started smiling.
Why do vampires hate Texas Roadhouse? They can not stand stakes!
The Simpsons will never run out of money. Homer's always bringing home the D'oh!
What do you call an Arabic woman being double penetrated? A sandbitch
I bet Abraham Lincoln would rather go watch another play than watch this debate.
What do you call a midget in a subway saying, ""tick...tick...tick...""? A metro-gnome
My trainer suggested I get a tennis ball to message my back. I got it, but it just sits there. How do you make it go?
Turns out there is no Easter today, they found the body.
Girls say I'm an animal in bed. More specifically a koala. I can sleep for 22 hours in a row.
There are two types of people in the world Those that can extrapolate from incomplete data
What happened when the man asked the salesman  for a good belt? ""O.K. you asked for it"" the salesman said as he gave him a good belt.
I hate tattoos For instance, if you get a tattoo of a Tarantula, 60 years later it'll look like Daddy Long Legs.
A naked jew with an erection ran into a wall He broke his nose
People are funny. They spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't need, to impress people they don't like.
I find it quite sexy to see cum dribbling out of a girl's vagina. But not if I've just taken off her knickers.
How many super saiyans does it take to change a light bulb? Just one, but it'll take 10 episodes.
Starting a dating site for old farts like me calling it carbon dating.
I bought a universal remote the other day and I thought to myself ""Wow, this changes everything!""
News, just in: Truck Stolen! A lorry containing 150 pallets of Viagra was stolen last night. Police are searching the country for a gang of hardened criminals.
Justin Bieber has grown a mustache. His transformation into a teenage mexican girl is now complete.
Why did the lettuce blush? Because he saw the salad dressing
What do you call a fat Asian? A chunk
Who was Mako Mori's existentialist monk brother? Memento.
Guess drunk? I'm what!
Poor superman.he can't go commando without the whole world noticing
A day in the life of a dick A dick has a sad life. His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his next door neighbor is an asshole, his best friend is a pussy and his owner beats him on a daily basis.
I'm sitting outside drinking myself into a stupor. I may feel like shit tomorrow but by God, so will the mosquitoes.
Did you hear about the chef that died? He pasta way We cannoli do so much
A Lord of the Rings Joke How did Mister Baggins know when his neighbor had died? He read it in the Hobbituary.
How do you starve a worthless mooch? By hiding his employment check in his work boots.
Have you heard about the midget psychic who broke out of jail? He's a small medium at large!
I was woken on the plane by a panicky stewardess That's how i lost my job as a pilot.
A lot of people ask me ""why do you lie about the high number of people asking you things?""
Jewish Joke About Warm Weather                   . Dude. It was so hot, I swear that I'd convert to Christianity for the Baptism.
The only joke I know ....... What do you call a mushroom with a 12 inch penis? A fungi to be with
Knock knock. ""Who's there?"" Christopher Walken. ""Christopher Walken who?"" Christopher Walken and then walk out after his weird cameo.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? Bare Grylls
Why doesn't Monica Lewinsky like going to the doctor? He always shoves a Bill down her throat!
I went to the opticians today, you'll never guess who I bumped into. Everybody
I have a great motto for a sperm bank. You spank it, we bank it.
I like my women like I like my reality shows.... Naked and afraid.
2016: The year Brock Turner got sentenced to 3 months but America got 4 years.
taylor swift: oh my god look at that face you look like my next mistake me [with mouth full of like way too many Doritos]: what
Did you hear about the cannibal who showed up late to the luncheon? They gave him the cold shoulder.
""I wish there was a more convenient way to stalk others""- The phrase that started Facebook.
How do you know if you are a necrophiliac? You get mourning wood
But I meant it as a compliment when I said your baby looks like a pug.
My name should just be man1012... because I have no D. (according to a YT commenter)
My doctor said that she thinks I have irritable bowel syndrome. I'm not surprised, I irritate everyone else so it makes sense that my bowels would be sick of my shit.
Kinky involves a feather. Perverted involves the whole bird.
How do you know you put the right joke in the right thread? Don't worry, someone will tell you.
HOT LOCAL SINGLES WANT TO MEET YOU SO THEIR FELONIOUS BOYFRIENDS CAN STEAL YOUR I-PHONE
I haven't been sexually active because I'm saving myself... Some money.
What do you call a company run entirely by ghosts? An incorporation.
I started a cold air balloon business. I'm having trouble getting it off the ground.
If E.T. is making your bicycle fly through the sky, why do you still have to pedal?
What do root vegetables do at tha club? Turnip
Of all the martial arts, karaoke inflicts the most pain.
I like my men like I like my coffee black, ground up and in the freezer.
Looks like the concierge is hitting on my wife again but who cares, this cherry danish I'm eating right now is on point nom nom nom!
""That was supposed to be a compliment."" -Men
I have a black belt in leather
I became a vegetarian 4 months ago.. .. I guess you can say that I quit cold turkey
What did the sphinx say? What did the sphinx say when he found out the pharaoh caught him up in a pyramid scheme? Egypt me!
""Honey, remember our first date?"" ""Awh, are you planning something for Valentine's?"" ""No, I forgot my password. It's the security question.""
What's the difference between a whore and a truck? The truck can only take the load from behind where as the whore can take it from anywhere.
If I was a girl my best friend would have to come untangle me at least twice a week because I tried to take my bra off through my sleeve
How do you titilate an ocelot? You oscillate its tit a lot.
Did you hear about the time Pontius Pilate got really drunk? He ended up nailing Jesus.
Why can't two Asian parents have a Caucasian baby? Two Wongs don't make a white
There is so much dust on that drawer that if you sneeze on it mattress will fall out.
Every minute in america... Costs you 5 dollars.
When attempting to make a good first impression imagine how important good grammar is. Wrong. Importanter.
A small part of me is filled with self-loathing for how much pizza I can eat in one sitting. The rest of me is filled with pizza.
why do gorillas have such big nostrils? because they have big fingers
Two condoms are walking down a street. A gay bar appears. One condom says, ""Hey, wanna get shitfaced?""
Which blood type do most of the people in Taiwan's capital city have? Taipei
What does the Pillsbury Dough boy hide under his apron? Dough nuts!
I'd rather have leg hands than arm feet.
I never thought a fleshlight would feel like the real thing, but last night I got drunk and totally tried it. And I have to say, it was a pretty good fucksimilie.
My wife saw a psychic and found out I was cheating That's the last time I banged a psychic
ME: I'm off to that meeting BOSS: Forget something? M: Yes! [kisses boss gently on forehead] B: I meant your pen [whispers] but thank you
I told my wife we can have sex or go see Star Wars, she said, I'm on my period and Star Wars is sold out. But she pulled some strings and got me in.
[NSFW] Yesterday I gave a surprise bukkake party to my roommate... ...everyone came. You should have seen her face.
Can a ninja bring a ninja star into the airport? Shuriken.
Why did the pirate put springs on his treasure chest? He wanted to see that booty bounce.
If I'd been around in France when Marie Antoinette said ""let them eat cake" I would've been like ""wait a minute, let's hear this lady out.""
What does a rock artist say to a jazz musician? To the airport please
What do you call the Wal Mart cheer? Spelling classes!
Its so busy at work... I feel like a priest and all my tickets are altar boys, I need to touch them all.
A joke so absolutely filthy I can't put it in the title Rio Olympics
Marrige has 3 rings... The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffering.
Apple needs to build a product for older gentlemen who have become fathers. iPop
I hate being bipolar it's awesome
[Heaven] Saint Peter: Welcome to the pearly gates! You're here early
What's the most awkward aspect of bar-tending at an internet cafe? You have to deal with people who forget to close their tabs.
How many white girls does it take to change a lightbulb? Well, it has to be an odd number, because they literally cannot even.
The future The world in 10 years... MTV announcer: a new punk rock band making its way to the top 100... Band leader: I'm sorry did you just assume our genre?
A message from a girl Received a messages from a girl, ""come quickly to me, there's nobody home."" I went. Indeed, there was no one.
What do you call Batman skipping out on church? Christian Bail
LEAVE ME ALONE GRANDMA I'M ENTERTAINING LITERALLY TENS OF PEOPLE ON THE INTERNET
My friend got caught having a wank in the showers on a school trip It completely ruined our visit to Auschwitz
What's the difference between a Mercedes and Princess Diana? The Mercedes can easily reach 40.
Does liking a sad status update mean I'm sympathetic for them or I like that they are sad?
Which porn video release are you most looking forward to? I'm excited about the next but one
Two Congressmen are sitting in a bathtub. The first one says, ""Pass the soap."" The second one says, ""No SOPA, radio!""
Why don't women blink during sex? They don't have time!
I can't understand how Bruce Jenner wants to become a woman The plastic surgery has got be mildly painful, but the sucking out of half the brain has got be excruciating.
Him: 'Sorry Mr Hill, no last minute call from the Governor. Any last words?' Me: -whimpering 'She squeezed the toothpaste from the middle'
My reactions 1st child's problems: I WILL fix this!! 2nd child's problems: Let me know if you need help. 3rd child's problems: Good luck.
What does a polite monster say when he meets you for the first time? Pleased to eat you!
What do you get when you divide (Sin B) by (Tan B)? You get roofies, cuffs and a sore butthole
What do you get if a post office burns down? Black mail.
I try to use proper grammar and punctuation in all of my tweets, until I'm about to go over the 140 character limit...& den u no how it b.
There are 10 kinds of people in the world. People who understand binary and people who don't.
Louis FarraKhan and Jeffery Dalmer walk into a bar... ehhhh I got nothin.. just thought that would be a hilarious start to a joke.
Bacon is like a woman it looks good it smells good it tastes good and it slowly kills men
*hires sky writer to propose to psychic girlfriend* WILL YOU MARRY ME *2nd planes flies by 5 seconds later* HELL NO
what do you call a mexican with no legs? A paragraph, because he's not a full essay.
""Welcome to fightclub you may now kiss the bride.""
Why don't boxers have sex before a fight? They don't fancy each other.
Some one gave me a broken knife 3 days ago. I didn't get the point.
Why do we hit things when they don't work? Because it worked with slavery
If you can't do what's right you can always do what's left
Thinking of leaving a fake bloody arm inside the blood pressure machine at this CVS pharmacy.
Why do witches laugh when they ride their brooms? because they're not wearing any panties.
""So do you want me to climb up with my bare hands or can I use some sort of climbing device?"" The latter.
I need some white people jokes. I was talking with some guys at work and came to find that we are all disappointed at the lack of white people joke we know, so let hear what you've got.
Seaside Treats by Rhoda Donkey
What's the difference between hitler and a gay man. A 45 degree angle.
For lent, I'm going to give up sexual innuendos but it's hard... so hard!
The diamond ring on your finger says ""married"" but the reveling clothes you are wearing says ""still looking.""
What does former Vice President Gore play on the guitar? An algorithm
I remember... when I used to be really nostalgic. Those were the days.
It's only a problem if others know about it.... *Sweeps problems under rug*
Why do airplanes manufactured in Spain have windshield wipers on the inside? Because the rain in Spain falls mostly in the plain.
What do gynecologists and pizza delivery guys have in common? They have to smell it but they can't taste it!
A 40 year old man goes to buy a car.... and all he can afford is a base model civic.
What's the difference between light and hard? You can still fall asleep with the light on!
I accidentally drank a bottle of ink. The doctor says I'll be fine, but I feel as though I've dyed inside.
It'd be cool if a firetruck was like an ice cream truck and just drove around selling fire to kids.
If A-B-C-D didn't drag out their part of the Alphabet song, LMNOP wouldn't have to be so rushed.
Every time I get an AIDS test, I'm convinced it's going to come back positive And every time I'm right.
What do you call a terrorist video store? Blockbuster
I bought a used UPS truck. It gets poor gas mileage but I can park anywhere.
*Opens fortune cookie* ~You just ate cat, you thought was beef.
[Food Network: Cake Wars] As the team barely delivers their massive cake to the judges table. Cat Judge pushes it off the table
What's gay and has no balls? A lesbian.
What did the cow say in winter? Oh my god. I'm Friesian!
How do you make a cat woof? soak it in gasoline and light it on fire... WOOF!
whats the differns between a blonde and a computer you only have to punch the computer once to get the imformation out of it
Record for the world's smallest penis? Must be hard to beat.
Ok people, I think the big take away from 2016 is that it's really bad luck to start the year by shooting a gorilla
(Cargo pants filled with tater tots) ""How many do I need to get an Xbox?"" ""Sir, that's not how Toys for Tots works."" ""FALSE ADVERTISING!""
This guy just threw milk on me! How dairy....
Potentially offensive Muslim pick-up line [NSFW] Hey girl, are you prayer? Because I'd love to do you 5 times a day
""Why does stuff like this always happen to me?"" - gay passenger on Titanic
When you watch tv with the closed captioning on... You've got to take their word for it.
I tried snorting coke once... but the bubbles kept burning my nose.
A musician always closed his eyes when he sang. When asked, he replied, ""I can't bear to see people suffering.""
Don't give your heart to someone unless you're 100% certain that you're dead.
So I was going down on this girl. And I tasted horse semen, I looked up at her and said ""ahh Grandma that's how you died""
Why did the kid with muscular dystrophy want to be an astronaut, a doctor, a lawyer, and a NASCAR driver when he grew up? He had a lot of aspirations.
Cat lovers Their pets also qualify for the obnoxious neighbor award.
I'm never buying a fish fryer from Linkin Park ever again. I fried so hard, and got sole far, but in the end it doesn't even batter!
My son is explaining why my daughter is crying but I'm not buying it as I don't think she can even say, ""Please kick me in the face"".
Beer commercials really overestimate how many attractive people live in my apartment building.
Sorry, I'm in a hurry, lets talk while we walk... You go that way.
Want to hear a joke about nitric oxide? sodium hypobromite
I like my women like my chicken... White meat only.
[Office] *Dolphin accidentally dials fax number Fax:EEphkEekakischchEEek Dolphin:Well, I don't normally do this. But yes I'm free tonight
Why did the rabbit cross the road? Because the chicken had his Easter eggs!
If nothing else, the iOS7 update has proved it's usefulness by automatically adding the little accent mark to the word jalapeno for me.
How do witches lose weight? They join weight witches.
The judge told me I might get capital punishment for my crimes, and asked me if I knew what it meant.. I didn't, so I told him to use it in a sentence.
My Dad had the eye of the tiger ...and a life time ban from the national zoo
[at interview] Her: In three words or less, tell me why we should hire you. Me: I'm good with numbers.
Dead penis
At first I didn't like my new haircut but it slowly grew on me.
Silly joke I made up today.. How did Pedro fix his car? With Espana.
Fastest way to occupy bored kids is to announce we are going to clean Voila Suddenly they all remember plans they've forgotten Ah quiet
""The Jetsons and Flintstones existed at the same time. One in the sky, one on the ground, and both in a post-apocal-"" ""Juror is dismissed""
Who's the first Jewish guy to get a Heisman Trophy? ""Fred Goldman, because he's got mine!"" - OJ Simpson
why did the possum cross the road? His dick was stuck in the chicken.
I was getting a checkup from my doctor this morning He said ""Now son, you gotta stop masterbating!"" I said in shock "" what?"" He replied ""Well At least until I finish your God damn exam!!""
What do you call two black men on a videotape? Evidence.
The Laser Weapon by Ray Gunn
Your Mom is so old... She had to use her own face for emoticons.
What's Darth Vader's least favorite temperature? Luke warm. ^^im ^^sorry
Sorry but if these walls could talk I'm pretty sure they'd talk about wall things and not whatever scandal you're blowing out of proportion.
One time I knocked my hot curling iron off the sink & caught it in my open palm because I have the catlike reflexes of a dim-witted ninja.
There is a nudist convention on in town next week. I might go if I have nothing on.
A prickle of porcupines A murder of crows A flamboyance of flamingos A twitter of depressed, alcoholic perverts A shrewdness of apes A parla
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad that I eventually had to take his bike away.
How can you tell when it's time to go to bed at Michael Jacksons house? When the big hand touches the little hand
I didn't know when your wedding was because you spelled out the date and time like a goddamn medieval sorcerer.
Why did God invent yeast infections? [NSFW] So women would know what it's like to live with an annoying cunt.
Why are all lesbians ill? They lack vitamin D
[Genie] Last wish idiot, impress me. [Me] I want Morgan Freeman to narrate my eulogy [drops dead] [Morgan Freeman] He was an idiot.
My dream job? That's easy: Be one of those Muppets that sit up in balcony making fun of everyone. That's Old School Twitter.
What is the most religious medicine? The Deacon gestant
Have you heard of the object without mass? It doesn't matter
What do you call playing chess against yourself? Chessturbation.
How do you stop a baby from crawling around in circles? Nail its other hand to the floor.
Racism is like Nickelback... I like to joke about it, but I never want to see it live.
Life is like a penis... Life is like a penis - simple, relaxed and hanging free... It's women who make it hard!
The bar (Dad joke) First guy walks into a bar. Second guy walks into the same bar. Third guy ducks.
What does a baby computer call its father? Data.
Hey friend wanna hear a joke ? Another time.
DETROIT: im doing a secret show at 8pm tonigt at a small club dowmtown! mesage me for details!!! ME: omg a talkimg city
Advice to women: don't confuse men with credit cards.
bad ""it's so hot...."" one-liners Two that I came up with... It's so hot that Stryper sang ""To Today With the Devil"" It's so hot that Karen Carpenter ate an ice cream sandwich. your turn!
I miss the days when you could talk about a brand and they didn't talk back.
Where do Siths do their shopping? At the Darth Mall
Have you heard about the guy who finally overcame his coprophilia? He got off scat-free
[high seas] FIRST MATE: The men be ready to attack PIRATE: Arr! FIRST MATE: Oh sorry...the men ""are"" ready to attack
If you shout ""I am a STRONG BLACK woman"" in front of the mirror enough times then security comes and drags you out of the Gap changing room.
What's the difference... ...between an egg and a wank? You can beat an egg
I saw a documentary about beavers... It was the best dam program I've seen in a while
Being all talk and no action sounds relaxing.
How do you get a red wine stain off a baby?
What do you call Adrian Monk when he's angry? Rasputin
""I need a car. What do you have?"" ""Well, we have a Subaru Outback"" ""But what kind of Subaru?"" ""Outback"" ""I don't CARE where you keep it...""
Enough with the fist bumping. I never understand what is happening. This time I held my hands open because I thought he was giving me M&Ms
The food in our school canteen is perfect. If your a bug!
My doctor told me I needed to see a rheumatologist... I told him that's a strange way to say interior designer.
What type of web developer likes finding bugs Spiders
Everyone lies on their resume but I fear I may have gone overboard with 'immortal' and 'shoots lasers from eyes' and 'hardworking'.
What does Ebenezer Scrooge serve at his Christmas Party? Humburgers!
Women like silent men... they think they're listening!
THAT SMILE A reporter asks Bill Clinton,. 'What did you find most attractive concerning Monica Lewinsky?"" He replied, 'She had the prettiest smile I ever came across.""
Why did Yogi Bear only have a collar and a tie, and not a full dress shirt? *Patiently waits as you all Google pics of Yogi Bear*
What do you call a dictionary that smokes weed? High definition
I just got a DM from a guy who said he was a Day Trader. I offered him 3 Mondays for a Friday.
I'm going to open a restaurant and call it I Don't Care. So us men can finally take u women to the place u want to go to when we ask
Do the French play video games? Wii
My grandfather is such a grammar Nazi that he made every Jew in the camp practice writing every day.
CIVIL ENGINEER: ok let's build stuff. UNCIVIL ENGINEER: *smashes popsicle stick bridge*
A Scottish man released a love song for his wife It's called for the sheep
Why do so many American tourists end up in eastern Europe? They get Hungary so they go for Turkey.
What do you call a sketchy neighborhood in Italy? A Spaghetto.
Golf is probably fun if you like walking around outside in business casual.
""Why don't Mr. and Mrs. Smokey the Bear have any children?"" ""I give up, why?"" ""Because every time Mrs. Bear gets hot Mr. Bear throws dirt on her and beats her with a shovel.""
What's the difference between a mining company and priests? A mining company puts miners in shafts.
What's Medusa's favorite cheese? Hehehe.. Gorgon-zola
TIL the odds, as a male college student, of having sex with a given college girl. One in four
Pickup line Hey there, wanna come over and watch porn on my 50 inch flat-screen mirror?
The Duke ordered his subjects not to dig tunnels beneath his land but the King gave them permission to do so, He felt undermined.
Q: IS IT SEXUAL HARASMENT IF YOU GO TO A WOMAN  AND TELL HER HER HAIR SMELLS NICE? A: WHAT IF THE MAN IS A DWARF?
Why is an aborted baby so hard to fool? Because It wasn't born yesterday.
People say drugs are bad, but I'm calling complete BS on that. I've only been on meth for 20 minutes and I'm already the king of Jupiter.
I swallowed two pieces of string yesterday I shit you knot
Toaster settings: No.1: ""I do nothing."" No.2: ""I do nothing."" No.3: ""I do nothing."" No.4: ""I SET BREAD ON FIRE!""
What do you call a gay author? ...a fabulous fabulist. Thank you, I'll be here all night.
Alsation: How come you are always so well behaved when you go on a walk with your master? Chihuahua: It's the leash I can do!
My friend asked me if I purposely used wordplay in my sentences. I answered ''Nope. Unintended.''
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
Why did the man lose his job in a fruit packing  firm? He kept throwing the bent bananas away.
Studies show that one in two and a half men are HIV Positive You can thank Charlie Sheen for that
Women say they like a man in uniform but I've been wearing this naughty nurse outfit all day and not a single woman has approached me yet :(
What do you call it when a photo of gay lovers falls from the wall and shatters into two pieces, tearing them apart? Broke back-mounting.
Adam and Eve: The first people to not read the Apple terms and conditions.
I like my coffee like I like my slaves. Free.
Before calling me, ask yourself, ""Is this textable?""
How do you know when you're at a gay picnic? The hotdogs taste like shit.
My home security system is a nerf sword by the door. My liquor cabinet has a retina scanner, 3 pit bulls & my 7th grade lesbian gym teacher.
solipsist joke I'm a solipsist, and frankly, I'm surprised there aren't more of us.
What do you get if you steamroll a crab and a Korean at the same time? A crustacean :D :D
2 fish in a tank, one fish looks at the other and say's ""do you know how to drive this thing?""
At the state fair I realized none of my troubles matter when you dip them in batter
friend: what are your plans for The Purge? [imagines broadcasting a football game w/o express written consent of the NFL] me: do a murder
At school, I saw my principal walking around in a daze. I asked him what happened, and he just looked at me and said, ""I've lost my faculties!""
Irony is when you see someone circle around the parking lot 5 times to get the spot closest to the gym
Roses are red... This one is screwed up, you've been warned. /our flag is too /raise your hand to the sky /and gas all the jews
if a pea-brain is someone with a small brain, then a peacock is someone with a ...? no?
Why were Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul so good in Breaking Bad? They were meth-od acting.
if you give your dog a middle name i hope he runs away
What's green, slimy, and smells like bacon? Kermit The Frog's fingers.
A true Irish bean soup is made with exactly 239 beans... ..if you were to add one more bean, it would be too farty.
Why does Beyonce sing ""To the left, to the left?"" Because black people have no rights
Q: How many Wardrobe people does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: ""Nobody said I needed doubles on that!""
An engineer major asks... ""How can we build this?"" A business major asks, ""How can we finance this?"" A liberal arts major asks, ""Do you want fries with that?""
Sherlock was working on his garden, when Watson walked over and asked what he was planting. ""What are you planting?"" said Watson. ""It's a lemon tree, my dear Watson.""
What is a pirates favorite article of clothing? His sc*aaarrrr*f Edit: I get it guys, you all have better punchlines than me.
I'm looking for a new nursing home for my mother. Something without phones or access to postage stamps.
My friends say I have a gambling addiction... I bet I don't.
What happened when Bush took Bin Laden's Lunch Money? 9/11.
*Opens fridge *Sees chocolate bar with a note ""please don't eat me"". *Eats chocolate bar Now who would want to eat a piece of paper?
How do you make a Bloody Nicole? Like a Bloody Mary, but with a stab of OJ...
What if Hitler killed all the Jews The Fine brothers wouldnt exist. Thats all I wanted to say.
Superman: Only one cookie left. Batman: Rock, paper, scissors for it? Superman: 1, 2, 3, GO! Batman: *pulls out Kryptonite and eats cookie*
WIFE: Let's role-play ME: OK W: U be a teacher *I get up & leave* W: Where u going? M: Do u have ANY idea how much paperwork I've got to do?
Why is peter pan always flying? He neverlands I like this joke because it never grows old This joke is off the hook Sorry
What did one ocean say to the other one? Nothing. They just waved...
I really like chicken ""So, you really like cocks?"" ""No, but your mom does."" ""I'm sorry but she's not a hen...""
In my spare time I like to read, write, and fall in love with unavailable people.
Why did the french man put a bomb on his kitchen floor? Because he wanted to see Linoleum Blownapart.
127 MILLION? How are there 127 million subscribers when the Reddit population is WAY LESS????
&gt
If Yoko Ono gave you herpes... Would that be strawberry fields forever?
When I was molested at age 7 it was horrible. It must have been his first time or something.
What do you call a Rhinoceros in heat? Horny.
Football players, basketball players and soccer players all play with balls. How come my girlfriend refuses to.
A psychiatrist is just a friend you pay to listen to your problems because your other friends are tired of hearing about them.
Prostate exam  Okay, I'm going to give you a prostate exam.  ...  It won't hurt a bit...  Hey, doctor, you could have removed your ring!  It's not my ring, it's my watch...
Read a magazine at the doctor's office so I'm all caught up on Clinton running for president. I don't think Bush can beat him.
Why are cars faster than motorcycles? Because motorcycles are two tired.
If Bill Clinton ever says ""I can't. My wife would kill me"" What he really means is his wife would have him killed.
I ate some crickets last night. Gave me the runs.
An open letter to the President of the United States. Dear Mr. President I know where you live.
I asked a Chinese girl for her number.. She said, ""Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!"" I said, ""Wow!"" Then her friend said, ""She means 666-3629.""
Everything happens for a reason. The reason is a chaotic intersection of chance and the laws of physics.
What does a pirate say when he turns 80? Aye matey
Considering the yr Jesus is said to have been born, I question those who give him the wheel or make him their copilot.
I ran into the back of a dwarf's car. He said he wasn't happy. I said ""Well which one are you?""
Why are women so bad at parking? Because they've been lied to about what 8 inches look like their whole lives.
What do you call an elephant in a phone box? Stuck.
dad: I can't find my glasses, can you read what this says for me? me: ""Dad do you want to go to Home Depot"" dad: [voice catching] Sure son
If I ever wanted to kill myself... climbing up your ego and jumping down to your IQ level would get the job done.
If the universe was a person, s/ he would have a pretty flashy personality. Because s/ he starts everything with a big bang
A young girl swallowed a pin when she was eleven and never felt a prick until she turned eighteen.
Did you hear about the pecan orgy? It was fucking nuts.
What do you call a well read/researched Bernie Sanders supporter? Not a Bernie Sanders supporter.
Q: Why don't violists play hide and seek? A: Because no one will look for them.
Name two things that are black and blue and had sex Bill Cosby with his sweater and his accuser
Did you know that the word ""suns"" upside down is still ""suns""?
There is no more horrible death than the one of a poor tree that ends up being a Twilight book.
It must suck having aspirations of being a serial killer but getting caught on your first murder.
Me: Okay 2 it's time for bed 2: NO! Mommy go to bed Me: Okay *goes to bed
Why did leeroy Jenkins cross the road To get the chicken
What's the opposite of condescending? [gif](http://25.media.tumblr.com/6b1b800af79638830eef30deb8163bbf/tumblr_ms1l531JGu1s29n2zo1_250.gif)
What was Hitler's favorite game? Nahtzee.
Why is it called an XBox One? Because when you see it, you spin one degree and walk away.
The biggest joke of all time! My existence
If the USSR were to become a country again... ...would it be called the Soviet Reunion?
My friend showed up wearing a ""Narnia is real"" shirt which suits him cause they both aren't planning to come out of the closet anytime soon.
Who is the easiest to get a high-five from in a war? The French. They always have their hands up.
What do you call a Roman guy with pubes in his mouth? Gladiator
I used to be schizophrenic... but now we're ok.
asbestos huh? if what i'm hearing is true they shoudl call it asworstos .
Is mingerbread the opposite of stud muffin?
Shouting ""put your hands in the air like you just don't care!"" is a fun way to bring a party atmosphere to a bank robbery.
My wife and I use the pull-out method of birth control where we pull out our phones and ignore each other every night
What's the thing that is about 5-6 inches long, it goes into mouth and when you rub it back and forth it produces a white liquid? A toothbrush.
what's the best part of... Having sex with a transvestite? Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through.
How are men like carpet tiles? If you lay them properly the first time around you can walk all over them for the rest of your life.
Great News! If you quit being cunty the whole world will stop being against you!
ME: you know what they say, curiosity killed the cat CAT: that's awful why would they say that? ME: really? CAT: *dies*
If you have 3 tweets in a row that say what you're cooking, what song you're listening to, and what your mood is... just go back to Facebook.
Did you know Cecil was a black lion? And man, even in Africa, the white people **STILL** be killing tiggas.
[NSFW] What did the sperm say to the egg? Cum with me if you want to live.
I'm writing this from the hospital Don't worry! The doctors say I'm going to be OK but I must warn you. The Dyson Ball Cleaner has a very misleading name!
What is a Nazi baker's secret ingredient? White Flour!
This pizza looks like a pie chart of 100% good news.
*Joe Biden nibbles Obama's ear* - Please stop it *Joe whispers* Say it - No go away *angrily whispers* Say it! - ...please stop Biden my ear
I went to the doctor recently.. * Doctor: Do you play any sports? * Me: Does sex count? * Doctor: Yes * Me: Then no.
How many suh dudes does it take to fix a light bulb? It's already lit fam
I can tell exactly how much someone weighs by how much noise they make when I push them down the stairs.
Why did the basketball receive medical attention? He was passed out.
What lights up a football stadium ? A football match !
Everybody laughed at me when I told them I was going to be a comedian. I thought"Well,that's not bad for a start.""
Why shouldn't anybody help cats down a tree? Because they're stuck up
I would tell a joke about chris brown and rihanna But i always forget the punch line
Sorry, can't. I looked away while my child was in the middle of an hour long run-on story and now he has to start all over.
Studies show that your chances of getting murdered drop down significantly when you STFU and mind your own business.
The easiest job in the world has to be coroner. Surgery on dead people. What's the worst thing that could happen? If everything went wrong, maybe you'd get a pulse.
If I got $1 every time a woman said I was't her type, I'd be her type.
KID:Dad what's the difference between a gerbil and a rat DAD WHO IS A MAFIA BOSS:A gerbil sleeps in a cage and a rat sleeps with the fishes
Sometimes I have my shit together, sometimes I eat an unidentified white substance out of my hair and am grateful when it's frosting.
What does it sound like when a pterodactyl uses the bathroom? Nothing, the pee is silent
What's a capitalist's favourite dessert? PROFITeroles. Bad, I know.
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the others here for?
Did you ever notice how men always leave the toilet seat up? That's the joke.
[first date] me: [don't let her know you're a microwave] her: my food is a bit cold me: [my head starts slowly rotating]
What's worse than a centipede with sore feet? A giraffe with a sore throat
The doctor asked for a urine sample, a blood sample and a semen sample So I gave him my underwear
Thor is riding on the back of his mighty war horse. He shouts ""I AM THOR! I AM THOR!"" His horse replies: ""That's because you forgot your thaddle thilly!""
If a mad scientist ever clones me, throw a cube of cheese in the air. The faster one is me.
MARRIAGE PROPOSAL TIP: Get down on 1 knee. Ok, now the other. Great! Lie flat on your face. Quickly roll away don't get married you idiot.
How do blind people know their ass is clean after they poop? One bark means clean, two means dirty.
Girls at hooters may be hot. but when it comes down to it, the ladies at subway are the real wife material..
Do you ever wake up. Kiss the person beside you, and just be thankful to be alive. I did. Not really appreciated on flights apparently
Why did the guy not draw a circle? Because there was no point.
Genie: I'll grant you 3 wishes Me: I want to fall in love G: OK next M: With a really nice girl *we both start laughing*
When I was just a little girl, I asked my mother what will I be. Will I be pretty, will I be rich? Here's what she said to me: GO TO SLEEP.
Why doesn't Stephen Hawking need a wife? Because he has his own shoulder to cry on. Edit: all credit goes to /u/Earleebird who posted it in a comment in /r/oldschoolcool
I've been told I'm oblivious. I had not noticed this.
An oldie but a goodie: What do Pink Floyd &amp
One potato asks another: -""Are you sure we are related?"" -""Yes I yam!""
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes.
A bodybuilder gets lost in the woods... And dies of starvation when he can't find his whey.
Beauty is only skin deep but that's ok because my eyes can't see any farther than that.
What did the deer say to its lover? You are very ""deer"" to me.
I've always thought chicken breasts just come from female chickens, but it turns out they come from males as well. I suppose that means that I've literally eaten a ton of cock in my life.
When two idiots have the same dumb idea... special minds think alike
I was an army sniper, until I was discharged. It must have been my accuracy. It was very hit and miss.
Saw Robin Hood. Basically it's a film about stealing 13 dollars from evil movie-goers and giving it to the studios.
How's your homophone needlepoint project coming along? Sew sew
I remember staying up all night waiting for Santa to come When he was done he'd pull up his pants and say ""See ya next year kid""
No matter how kind you are... No matter how kind you are, German kids are kinder.
I was passing a Chinese restaurant the other day on my way home... And thought ""when in Rome"" so I got general tso's
Chicago really is the windy city. After all, they did just win de World Series
Collection of totally offensive jokes, not for the faint hearted
What do all my friends and my dad have in common? i didnt have either growing up
Why did italy cross the road? To switch sides
*at Thanksgiving dinner* Me: One of you is eating poison green bean casserole. Everyone: *gasp* Me: Just kidding you all are.
What's better than Roses on your Piano? Tulips on your Organ.
I used to hate math, But then I realized, decimals had a point.
Offensive jokes? Is there a subreddit for this?
[Swims out to Sea] *sees shark* OH NO! *dolphins save me* Thanks dolphins! *dolphins ask for a tip [I'm broke] *they return me to the shark*
Taint Why is the taint called your taint? because it taint your nuts and it taint your ass.
My girlfriend told me I was a pedophile I told her, ""that's an awfully big word for a six year old"".
""Oh, hey! I didn't even recognize you!"" means ""I saw you and tried to avoid you, but here you are.""
If it wasn't for the 140 character limit, I'd be on Chapter 27 of my first tweet right now.
Anyone know the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? You know, besides the taste.
*kneels to pray* ""Hello, God?"" ""YOU'VE REACHED CUSTOMER SUPPORT."" ""Who is this?"" ""MY NAME IS BRAD."" ""Are you in Heaven, Brad?"" ""NO, INDIA.""
I asked my mom why I had to go to singing lessons. She told me it was a skill I needed to a choir.
We wanted to bury our cat Ivy under our ivy but it was too thick to get through so we renamed it dumpster instead.
There's something about curling... ... that rubs me the wrong way.
What happened when Cinderella got to the ball ? She gagged.
The Patriots were impressive last night You don't win a game like that with Luck alone
60 Minutes would be a better show if they played that ticking noise the entire time.
Another Sunday at Gym Church w/ Pastor Pumpz. We sang ""My Bod is an Awesome Bod"", ""Bod is Great Bod is Good"", and ""Be Thou My Protein""
Onion books. Read 'em and weep. (Credit to Andrew O'Niel.)
Me: Sorry, I can't tonight. I already made plans. Him: That's too bad. There's going to be open bar and-- Me: What time should I be there?
Why did he cross back? So he could charge the client for travel expenses.
I participated in a trigonometry competition I got secant place.
Before murdering someone ask yourself: Am I justified? Will I find forgiveness? Did I pay for the shovel in cash?
SON: The car's manual suggests not to turn the stereo up all the way. DAD: Guess you could say- SON: NO DON'T- DAD: -that's sound advice.
A three legged puppy walks into a bar The puppy looks at everyone in the bar and says, I'm looking for the man that shot my paw.
I don't understand the purpose of smooth objects. I mean, there's no point.
The key to comedy? Perfect del ivery
What happens when you put 6 city workers and 6 lesbians in a room together? You get a dozen people who don't do dick
Stop! This is not funny! My dad died in 9/11, his last words were Allah wakbar
Ill draw a drawer But I won't doodle a doodle.
When I die, I want to go like my grandpa..... Peacefully in my sleep, unlike them whinny kids screaming as the bus went off the cliff.
You are what your parents ate too..I'm part black licorice..part hot dog.
I had a good Fallout 4 pun in mind... but I forgot it Radaway...
What do you call the white guy on a bus full of black guys? Coach.
A restaurant patron complained about the limited dessert selection, and an Irish man turned his head to respond. What was the complaint? **Flan AGAIN?!**
Lost a couple FB friends overnight. Hopefully they just died and it wasn't something I said...
What happened to the man with two wooden legs whose house burnt down? He fell on his ash.
How do you call a black guy that uses testosterone boosters? Testostyrone.
One man's trash is another man's treasure. Haha you are adopted. Credit to this post? https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/3715bp/one_mans_trash_is_another_mans_treasure_would_be/
To the woman who keeps pounding and screaming at my door all night: I'm not letting you go...
Why does pooping get more intense while you're listening to music? Because it's logarythmic.
I think I want to clean mirrors for a living It's just a job I can see myself doing
According to my khaki shorts, I need to give a couple more shakes after peeing.
Yelling someone's name in different voices until they finally hear you
The cashier at McDonald's was more than happy to warm up some Diet Coke for my baby's bottle.
The Queen Elizabeth doesn't have one. The Pope has one, yet he does not use it. Arnold Schwarzenegger's is big, and Brad Pitt's is small. What am I talking about? A last name, you pervs.
What do redditors give one another on Christmas? Gifs.
What could be a good name for a really inappropriate French porno? The Princess and the Frog
What did the owner of the Indian restaurant say when he burned all of his bread? ""Don't worry, it's a naan issue.""
""Clue"" is a board game about people trapped in a house and one of them is a homicidal maniac who has just killed. Ages 8 and up.
Did you hear about the Parisian who jumped off a bridge? He went in Seine.
Jeopardy Contestant: Saturday night for $400 Alex: This when the song Tennessee Whiskey is playing in the background Contestant: What is Jacking Daniels?
What do you call a midget psychic that just robbed a bank? Small medium at large
When I die, I want you to carry my casket So you can let me down one last time.
Am I too fat? Wife: I too fat to be a personal trainer? Me: No honey you just need to lose weight.
I had to stop watching An Inconvenient Truth after 20 minutes. Can't stand movies with that much gore.
One of the toughest parts of adulthood is figuring out how to stay friends with people who post too many selfies
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits a windshield? Its ass.
I heard someone say their podcast was on ""hiatus"", guess that sounds better than ""my mom took away my laptop"".
How do philosophers shave off their beards? Occam's razor
Why do Christian bands only record with Pro Tools? Because they don't understand how to use Logic or Reason.
A photon checks in at a hotel: ""Are you checking in any bags?"" asks the concierge. ""No"", says the photon, ""I'm travelling light.""
Why did they not allow farmers in Greece? They got tired of all the minotaurs.
The only way to open a pack of toilet paper is to fingerblast a hole through the plastic in one of the roll hollows.
A black man walks into the doctors with a fancy parrot in his shoulder The doctor says ""what a magnificent creature, where did you get that?"" The parrot replies ""Africa there's millions of them""
There was a Brothel on top of a hill, The man on his way up the hill was Russian The man on his way down the hill was Finnish .....and the man inside Himalayan!!
My friend told me to stop singing Wonderwall I said maybe
That question from your wife for which either answer is wrong Apparently the third answer ""it's not the dress"" isn't right either.
There are 10 types of people ... Those who understand binary and those who dont !
What tastes good on pizza but not on pussy? Crust
Why is fishing dangerous? Sometimes, there's a catch
What is the difference between Virging and non-virgin ? Virgin doesn't give a fuck.
""Truth or dare"" ""Truth"" ""What's your credit card number""
What's the difference between a blonde and a guy? The blonde has the higher sperm count.
Guy is taking a super loud dump in the toy. So I kick in the stall door and yell, ""Fuck you, man who is shitting!"" I kick in the stall door and yell, ""Fuck you, man who is shitting!""
Most people think that being in your 50s is now classed as the new 30s. Take my word for It, the police speed cameras think differently
What did the Buddhist monk say to the hot dog vendor? Make me one with everything
How could the pimp always easily locate his ho? Because, she really stands out on the street.
A Day in Court
She told me to stop singing wonderwall I said ""stop stealing other users post for karma you karma-whoring piece of shit.""
As an atheist I don't receive many xmas cards and the ones I do disproportionately say ""may God have mercy on your soul.""
Hi, I'm bisexual. I'd like to BUY you a drink...and then get sexual.
Put a pill in wife's mouth while asleep ""WTF you doing?"" ""for your headache."" ""I don't have one!"" Just what I wanted to hear! *unzip flys
And the award for the best neckwear goes to... Huh, would you look at that, it was a tie.
Saw a bird at my feeder shit on another bird's head and that bird just kept right on eating. I've never before felt this close to nature.
*God provides manna from heaven* ""Is there gluten in this?""
Where's the safest place to keep a Man-eating toilet? The women's room.
My walk of shame is when I have to take all the the empty Taco Bell bags out of my car and bring them to the garbage can.
Best alzheimer's joke
My teacher dropped the most dad like joke to me today Me: ""Hey can I go to the bathroom?"" Him: ""I sure hope so."" With the biggest proudest smile on his face.
Torturer: I will break you Me: Do you wear that hood to hide your sadness? Torturer: *broken* ah hell man I just wanted to be a chef
Do you like raisin cookies?.. Then why don't you adopt one?!
I found out that for months my kid has been throwing his poop at beehives. I sat him down and said, ""Son, it's time we talked about the turds and the bees.""
When I die, please scatter my ashes over my iPhone, computer and TV, because I want to be left to my own devices.
To successfully fight a bear, strike it firmly in the sternum with an open palm. Congratulations. You are now fighting a bear.
What did Stevie Wonder think when he got a cheese grater for christmas? That it was the most violent book he'd ever read.
McDonalds should have a 3rd window where you can trade in the wrong stuff that they gave you at the 2nd window.
Why was the beach wet? Because the sea-weed.
Mean jokes are like children with cancer. They never grow old.
When the cashier asks for my signature, I just write ""HELP ME"" while maintaining eye contact
What do you call a leper in a hot tub? Soup
I knew joining a gym was a bad idea when I got there and needed help pulling the door open.
How are neutrinos and i alike? Were both constantly penetrating your mom
Who was the greatest female author in German history? Ann Schluss. Her books had a way of taking over Czechoslovakia and Austria in particular. edit: Czechoslovakia &amp
How do Protestants like their orange juice? without Pope
My husband needed more space... So I locked him outside
Whats the difference between a woman and a floppy drive? A Floppy Drive can only take 3.5"" Inches.
I wish I was important enough for my nudes to get leaked.
Three Republicans walk into a bar. The bartender says ""We don't serve Republicans here."" The Republicans say ""That's OK...We don't serve you either.
Joke of the week... /r/leagueoflegends Lmow
Why do people browse reddit on the toilet? For shits n' giggles.
What's the difference between a bucket of sand and period blood? I can't gargle a bucket of sand.
ME: want anything for breakfast? BOSS: just banana [struggling to hold office door shut] ANA: let me in! ME: sorry boss said to ban you
You can put Hillary Clinton supporters into two baskets. The basket of adorables, and the basket of deportables.
What is the awesomest/funniest or even smartest joke u've ever heard
My girlfriend left me because she said I'm a ""Clueless idiot."" I didn't even know I had a girlfriend.
Why can't Matthew McConaughey make a left turn? Because he's *alright alright alright*.
Nobody uses DVDs. Most of em' use Torrents. Hence DVD Rip
If you were to write a direct, very short introduction for Microsoft Office's word processor, it might be a... ...forward four-word foreword for Word.
""Sorry, I don't date block guys.""- racist lego woman.
What was Hitler's favorite drink? Orange jews.
What do NRA members and the UCC shooting victims have in common? Both will never get a college degree.
Never cry for an onion that doesn't deserve you.
Where's the safest place to hide money from a man? Under the soap
A giraffe walks into a bar... and says highballs are on me.
All of my passwords are the names of various ""Friends"" characters. Except for Ross. I've never used Ross. Not after what he did to Rachel.
Why is a duck when it's round? Because the farther it flies, the fewer.
Asians aren't bad drivers. They're just disoriented.
My buddy's PRETTY drunk... So I took the car key off of his keychain... He's been trying to start his car with a house key for 4 hours now
Sad to hear of the passing of Liesl von Trapp at the age of 73, going on 74.
The number of STDs I can spell without autocorrect really bothers me.
""Thats a killer dirt bike you've got, man!"" *dirt bike holds a knife to your throat* Believe me...I know.
How do you get a girl from the Midwest to ""s"" your ""d""? Dip it in ranch.
Why couldn't Adam stop Cain from killing his brother? Because he wasn't Abel.
Nice that after 17 years of marriage I can still have a sex dream about my wife. Last night the role of my wife was played by Jessica Alba.
Q. How is playing a bagpipe like throwing a javelin blindfolded? A. You don't have to be very good to get people's attention.
Wanna know what it's like being married? Chain yourself to a wild animal. Now kick the animal.
""I'd make an awesome president. Give me a problem, any problem."" ""Um, population control?"" ""Kill all the storks. BOOM!""
Hey, Gandalf! What's your favourite kind of insect? FLY, YOU FOOLS!
What is the speed limit of sex? 68, because any faster and you'll flip over and eat it.
Getting mad at commercials for having interracial families
""Hey, I finally watched that movie you've been wanting me to see..."" ""Oh, so you finally saw Back to the Future?"" ""Sure did!"" ""It's about time!""
911 what's the emergency? ""How do u unburn pizza?"" U burnt a pizza ""Yes"" I'll send a squad car ""Ok will they help?"" No ur under arrest
There is probably a lot of ATM security camera footage of me rocking the fuck out.
How do you tell two witches apart? You can't! You don't know which witch is which!
I think some people just log into Facebook just to send me game requests.
Her: are you single? [flashback to 2011 where I tried to kiss a girl but she turned away and I kissed her cheek] Me: haha idk
""Other than that Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play?"" -a very curious play goer.
Always toss glitter onto someone when telling them bad news so that the bad news is only the second-worst thing to happen to them that day.
Shia LaBeouf is what happens when you name your child from a random rack of Scrabble tiles.
[couples therapy] ME: She thinks I make bad decisions WIFE: He traded our car for a skateboard THERAPIST: *writing notes* This guy rules
Love is like a fart If you have to force it, it's going to be shit.
Summer and winter had been growing apart as friends... when summer called up winter she ask him why he was so cold.
How to spot a douchebag in the gym? Really bad so he hurts himself.
What does an English pimp do, after having tea and crumpets? Tally Hoes
An orchestra went to the desert Which member felt the warmest?  The conductor.
What's the difference between blue paint and red paint? The color. Yes, this is an anti-joke. Downvote please.
What's the difference between a 4 year old and a bag of cocaine? Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window. Too soon?
Post your original made up joke. No old jokes you've already posted. Here's mine: How did the Asian porn-star become president? By Generar Erection!
My wife is like a hurricane... At the beginning there was a lot of blowing and sucking, and in the end I lost my house.
I'll tell you something about my wife She absolutely loves ~~cunilungas~~ ~~cunnilengus~~ ~~cunnelinges~~ cunnilingus Sorry, I always have trouble getting my tongue around it
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon? Tennish...
My buddy tells me he had sex with his GF and her twin the other night. I asked him how he told them apart. He says, ""well her brother has a mustache""
My car has the innate super power of knowing when I have any extra money and spontaneously breaking down.
Did Trump make the right choice when choosing his VP? It de-Pence on who you ask.
Nobody loves your text conversation screenshot as much as you do.
I used to be a fan but now I'm an air conditioner.
Me to Dr: I have no energy lately. Dr: you need to exercise more Me:... Dr:... Me: Let's start this again.
Tattoos are a nice way to forever honor loved ones, like family members who have passed away, or skulls with bat wings that have passed away
Guess who I ran into today, Billy. ""Who, dad?"" Your dog, son. I hit your dog with the car.
Why'd the hipster burn his mouth? He had his soup before it was cool.
Don't let people push you around. Unless it's in a wagon, because that shit is fun!
""What are you doing, dad?"" ""Filing taxes... LOLJK... I'm googling ""non-extraditable countries"". Pack your bags, kid! We're going to Libya!""
What does a baby computer call its father? Data
What do you get if you mix Coco Pops and milk? Chocolate milk! What do you get if you mix Coco Pops and chocolate milk? Diabetes
What do you call a fat, Italian-American ghost? A gabaGHOUL!!
I'm far less concerned with who let it out, and more curious as to why the cat was in the bag in the first place?
What do Catholic priests and the Zika Virus have in common? They both give kids a little head.
Me and my baby mama are gonna name the kid Pun It wasn't intended
I've always wanted to own a funeral home.... With the slogan, ""We love it when business is dead.""
Bee. The reason he needs an epi pen.
What do you call a group of physicians with erectile dysfunction? Doctors Without Boners
What does the Secret Service say when Donald Trump gets shot at? ""Donald! Duck!""
I used to be called the mushroom in high school Because I was a real fungi. (Don't hate me)
[First Date] Me: So, Construction? Him: Yeah M: You nail stuff? With your big hammer? H: M: Like to screw? H: M: Hey! Where are you going?
In case you think you have the laziest cat in the world, my cat has had a turd half-in/half-out her butt hole all afternoon.
I bet cats are sad that they don't have a middle finger.
Me: ""Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer."" Friends: ""No thanks."" Enemies: ""Also no thanks.""
I like camping but... it's so in tents
I was peeing in the pool the other day... The lifeguard yelled at me so loudly, I nearly fell in.
If you go to an animal shelter and ask for a cat, they get really upset if you play them like a guitar and scream ROCK YOU LIKE A FURRICANE.
Original plans for Mt Rushmore had the mouths carved open so they would scream out bats at the setting sun then eat them again at dawn.
Your wife is locked out at the front door yelling at you and your dog is barking at the back door to be let in. Which do you let in first? Your dog, because it'll stop barking once you let it in.
What was the Numerologist's favorite seaside discount brothel? The One-Toothed Reef Whore Hive
How Do Rednecks Celebrate Halloween? They Pump Kin.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side. Why did the black guy cross the road? To kill the chicken and eat it!
The second worst thing to say on a date... ...is that you have to fart. The worst thing to say is, ""That wasn't a fart.""
Why did the Chicken Cross The Road?
""longest word"" What is the longest word in the English language? . SMILES: there is a mile between the first and last letters!""
Supposedly anagrams of people's names give you clues to how they're going to die... ... and [Hugh Dennis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugh_Dennis) is an anagram of ""hung in shed"".
What did the customer ask the prostitute when they got to the hotel? Do you come here often?
What is green, red and goes 90 miles per hour? A frog in a blender.
Officer: madam swimming is prohibited in this lake. Lady: then why dint you tell me when I was removing my clothes? Officer: well, that's not prohibited.
If I had a dollar for every time I fell for a tweeter instead of a real person, I could pay for the psychiatric help I obviously need.
My wife faked an orgasm, so I faked a mortgage payment
Just cause something is your middle name doesn't mean you do it all the time. My middle name is sexhaver. Lol ok, bad example, but
A boy ate a Pb and jelly sandwich And then died
RIDDLER: how'd you find my hideout? BATMAN: a little birdie told me *winks* SMALL BIRD MAN: *lands on his shoulder* please use my full name
How can you avoid falling hair? Get out of the way.
I have created the only non-racist Chinese joke. So I went to Chinatown today. There were too many bright lights. I asked them to dim sum.
One of Jesus' most impressive accomplishments was being 33 years old and still having 12 really close friends.
My facial tattoo is going to look so cool when I'm working as a janitor for McDonalds.
A knock knock joke from Westeros Knock knock Who's there? Hodor. Hodor who? ...Hodor
I used to date a girl with one leg who worked at a brewery. She was in charge of the hops.
Whats the difference between a prostitute and a dead baby? I only have one under my bed
What's the worst thing to come across while browsing the internet? Your keyboard.
BUILDING INSPECTOR: what's this called DARTH VADER: the death [inspector's eyes look up from his clipboard] DARTH VADER: uh the health star
Why do businesses move to India? Because they worship prophets!
I didn't ask for a sweet roll? Oh, sorry, I thought you had said, ""synonym bun"".
So I was fucking this guy in the ass..... ... and I reached around and he had a boner. Do you think he's gay?
I know a trick to make my dick 2 meters long... ... I fold it in half.
Girls are a lot like universities... I spend hours looking at them, only to realise I can't get into any of them.
The drone on Mars ran over a feline organism. That's right - Curiosity killed the cat
A crime boss works part time selling grass to people in his home city... I went over to his shop and asked if I could help him with his sales. He told me to stay off his turf.
Have you heard about the restaurant on Mars? The food is great, but the atmosphere is lacking.
Q: Do ghouls eat popcorn with their fingers? A: No, they eat their fingers separately.
Our conscience is clear- we don't use it.
I don't always tell Dad jokes, but when I do, he tells me to get my fucking life together and stop being a disappointment.
I used to have a voice like Justin Bieber... then I turned four.
A magician was driving through a neighborhood... and then he turned into a driveway.
What do you call a Black Man flying a Plane? The Pilot you racist fuck.
What's DJ Khalid's favorite number? 11, because it has another one.
When I was in college, I had sex roughly 5 times a week... but I had sex gently a lot more.
What kind of pictures do hermit crabs take? Shellfies
What do baby showers and golden showers have in common? Nothing, you sick pervert!
I like my coffee how I like my women Forgotten about in the kitchen
OC from my 10 yr old son: Why do women like roses? Because they are pretty and hurt you.
Enjoying an adult beverage in moderation and not bothering any fine ladies from the internet.
Sometimes I really think about killing myself. I don't. But I *really* think about it.
What do an eagle and a broom have in common? They both fly but the broom doesn't.
What do mosquitoes think of people who wear bug spray? They are just OFF-full
All these people on FB posting pics of their kids makes feel so blessed...I don't have ugly children.
Drake started from the bottom. Of Darwin's evolution chart.
What do you call the ghost of a chicken? A poultry-geist!
Boss: Isn't your new job kind of a [stifling laughter] sideways move? Crab: [to HR person] see this is what I'm talking about
Did you hear the one about the dyslexic philosopher with insomnia? He was up all night wondering if there really is a dog. I know it's a dad joke, because it was my dad's favorite joke.
I'm emotionally unavailable but I make up for it by being completely unattractive.
Q: How does an elephant climb a tree? A: He hides in an acorn and waits for a bird to carry him up.
Steps to being cool A) Use the sunglasses face B)
What do you call an oversize motorcycle for pigs?  A hog hog.
In other news.... We now have the most attractive First Lady since Marilyn Monroe.
How do you keep a blonde busy? Put ""flip"" on both sides of a piece of paper
how does a bakery know when to make more bread? on a knead the dough basis.
Why couldn't the life guard save the hippie? He was too far out, man.
Funny, this warrant doesn't feel so outstanding.
OLD MAN: I fought in WWII ME: Oh yeah? What was your kill:death ratio OLD MAN: what ME: Can you rocket jump? OLD MAN: I wish Hitler had won
Why do white girls help fight heartburn? Because they're so basic.
What does Donald Trump tell Barack Obama supporters? Orange Is The New Black
I wrote in my diary and went through it with a bright yellow marker. It was the hi lite of my day.
It's not about how she looks, it's all about how she looks at you.
I told my friend she drew her eyebrows on too high... She seemed surprised.
I consider myself a practical gentleman. That's why I masturbate in the shower. The cleanup is a breeze. The only trouble is keeping my laptop dry. That's why I bring the umbrella.
What does a 75 year old woman have between her breasts that a 25 year old doesn't? her bellybutton.
Everyone has a photographic memory, some don't have film.
[2 T-Rex's getting drunk] ""I'm wasted."" ""Me too. You know how bad?"" ""Don't say it again."" ""I can't feel my face."" ""Goddammit, Kevin.""
Why is Viagra like Disneyworld? - You have to wait an hour for a three minute ride
How does a rice burner start a street race? With a pilaf.
I WILL NOT click on your tinyurl link, no matter what people are saying about me.
Why can't you see elephants hiding in trees? ...because they are hiding
How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb? One, but the lightbulb has to WANT to change.
Have you heard of airplane skirts? They're so short, you can see the cockpit.
To those who hate birds. I think they're pretty fly myself.
SCIENTIST: The universe is a big mess of molecules bumping into each other. ME: I like when pizza molecules bump into my mouth molecules.
What do you call a nautical plunderer who assists with the flight of an aircraft? A co-pirate
When it comes time to claiming kids on your income tax. Hood rich
What's a Grecian Urn? About 2 bucks an hour depending on what the current minimum wage is.
Between IKEA and Burger King, I think it's safe to say we've all eaten entire horses by now.
""Blown out of all proportion"" ... .. is a cliche you don't see every day of the week.
Do you know ... Do you know what girls say to guys with big dicks....... **I do...**
Why shouldn't you kiss someone on January 1st? because its the first date
Welcome to passive aggressive club. We're so happy you came twenty minutes late. Sure, get a cup of coffee, we'll wait.
What does a horse and kryptonite have in common? They both paralyze superman
Would love to see a reality show where they promise the prize will ""change contestants lives FOREVER""...and it's a brain swap with a cow.
This woman at Target does not seem at all appreciative that I just found a lump on her breast.
You Know You're Southern When... You know you're southern when your town has more syllables than letters.
Wondering what atrocity I committed in a former life to deserve this shitty parking space.
So i'm sitting down at a fight and chris brown is sitting next to me He points at Rihana and says "" I'm hitting that""
got removed from r/showerthoughts but... Helen Keller really only knew a hand-full of words...
What's the difference between reddit and facebook? Reddit is better
Two blondes meet in college.. one asks the other: ""What year are you in?"" ""Well...2012. you ?"" *Edit. The title could be a joke on its own.
""That sucked."" -Elephants who just saw The Peanuts Movie
What do you call it when you have enough money to but a truck from 4 different people who used to cross small bodies of water? You can afford four fjord forders' fords.
You're 10 times more likely to die when your girlfriend says, ""I'm fine"" than when you are flying on an airplane.
When you wish upon a star, planets are being scorched and destroyed billions of miles away but that's okay because YOU'RE IMPORTANT.
What is the definition of confusion? Father's day in Harlem
Woman sends emotional text that's 5 paragraphs long. Man responds with ""k."" Woman spontaneously combusts.
I was once a man trapped in a woman's body. Then my mother gave birth to me
My coworker has inspirational quotes up in her cubicle and one of them says ""choose your destiny"" so I guess she plays Mortal Kombat too.
One time John Waters spilled water on me and my mom said ""thank god his name isn't John Barbecue Sauce!""
Someone asked me to stop singing wonderwall I said maybe
The Titanic was built to last, let that sink in.
[murder trial] LAWYER: So you unplugged your wife's life support for five minutes? COMPUTER TECH: Sometimes that works.
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Cyclops Barbie ...one eye right in the middle of her forehead
Wife: Let's go outside. 3-year-old: No! The deer will eat me. Wife: Deer don't eat people 3: The zombie ones do Wife: Get your dad. Now.
The difference between a girlfriend and a girl friend... is a little chasm I call the friend zone.
Me: How much should I spend on an engagement ring? Jeweler: 3 months salary on the stone. Me: *Duct tapes pile of Fruity Pebbles together.
What do you get if you group 8 sodium atoms together? Batman.
The definition of an oxymoron /r/Productivity
If people had to spell something correctly before being allowed to criticize it, the internet would be a far more peaceful place.
How does a Jewish man know his wife died? Well, the sex is the same but the dishes are piling up.
Small girl: I'd buy that dog but his legs are too short! Clerk: Too short ? Why all four of them touch the floor.
Alternate Lyrics: I kissed a Trans and I liked it. The taste of her hairy lap stick.
A penny saved... ... is 350 Trillion Zimbabwe dollars earned!
Like The Purge but everyone is tryin to murder Tim Allen & become the next Santa. Pls donate on kickstarter so I can finally feed my family.
A Scotsman walks into a bar.... There is usually an Englishman, an Irishman and a Welshman, but they're all still in France :(
I've got a friend who is a structural engineer. He's always complaining about stress at work. EDIT: damn I wish I got karma for this post.
It's raining, It's pouring... I really should be snoring. I cleared my head with sudafed I won't get to sleep until morning. (I know, I know, it's not really a joke because it's true)
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory... but you couldn't park anywhere near the place. [credit to Stephen Wright]
What does Tony Stark call his semen? Pepper spray
If a cat catches all the mice on your property... does that make it squeaky clean?
Have you heard about the guy who posted about a mod's cousin? Once removed.
Have you heard about the new up and coming racially biased dice game? They're calling it nazi
99% of my socks are single. You don't see them crying about it.
Everyone's unique! For instance, I like milk in my coffee, but other people are dying of malnutrition.
ME: *sees a puppy* BRAIN: Your backpack could fit a puppy.
I'm in so much trouble. My twitter crush found out about my boyfriend and now they're both on their way to tell my husbands.
Don't know whether to be disturbed or enchanted that the word sesquipedalian is onomatopoetic
Why can't blondes count to 70? Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
I hold the U.S. indoor record for waiting in the house until my neighbors go back inside.
My wife asked me to stop singing Wonderwall all the time... I said maybe
Why do women live on average two years longer? Because the time they spend parking doesn't count
How many electrons does a negatively charged oxygen atom have? Nion
Yay! The Democrats won the World Series!
Some folks just can't pull off a bow tie... ...and they choke to death.
Tell me what just happened in France! ...Oh, Nice!
Jewish mothers How does a Jewish mother change a lightbulb? *Exasperated sigh* No it's fine, I'll just sit here in the dark!
Why did the horny girl go to Subway? For a $5 footlong.
Why does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella? Fo drizzle
President Trump received congratulations from the Pope himself... Because thanks to him half the world started praying.
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Darth Vader Barbie ...with plastic helmet
What is a Jawa's favorite drink? Martini
I installed a pet door over the weekend, and the dog barked at it, and the cat pissed on it, but the raccoons have got the idea.
I'd estimate about 28% of the drugs you've taken were smuggled here in someone's asshole.
Q. What did the cannibal's wife give her  husband when he came home late for dinner? A. The cold shoulder.
Me: Ew, what sort of shop is this? It just sells dead birds? My cat: Pick out whatever you want, birthday boy. It's on me.
The best things in life are free *plus shipping and handling*
I had I dream I wrote The Hobbit, and Lord of the Rings trilogy. I was Tolkien in my sleep.
It was a sad day when I discovered my Universal Remote Control did not, in fact, control the Universe. Not even remotely.
Did you hear about the Rabbi giving away hot drinks at the airport? It was Jew-tea-free
I'm not very religious but... I'm praying that next year there will be a Jew who can pardon me of all my crimes!
How do you like your eggs? Over here
If I was an author I would make my pen name... *Page Turner.*
Parents, stop giving your kids these crazy names. I just found a love letter my son wrote to a girl named ""Steven!""
Why would you pay $80 for a bra at Victoria's Secret when I will hold your boobs up all day for half that?!
Fishing... It's like sex. The less you get the more you lie.
A woman walks into a library and says to the bloke behind the counter, ""Have you got any books on the female clitoris?"" The bloke says, ""Yes we have madame, but I don't know where they are.""
Why did the Scarecrow lose the debate? ""All he had was a straw-man argument.""
I Wish I had Trump As A Teacher Citations would be super easy ""You know it, I know it, everyone knows it""
Did you hear about the new transgender operation? It's called a strapadictomy
MOPEDS AND FAT LADIES What do mopeds and fat ladies have in common? They're both a great ride until someone sees you on one.
Took my girlfriend to a baseball game this last season We made a deal in the beginning. I kiss her on every strike and she kisses me on the balls.
My teacher asked me what a main feature of a greek tragedy was.... Apparently Bankruptcy was the wrong answer.
What's Christopher Nolan's favorite song? BBBRRAAAAAAAHHHHHMMM...'s lullaby.
I thought my witty comeback was completely original.... Turns out it was a riposte.
Grizzlies are emerging from hibernation, so hiking in groups of 3 or more is recommended. Also not being the slowest one of the group.
*ruins your party with a can of Serious String*
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice? polar-oids
Do you think that a funeral director signs his letters with ' yours eventually'?
I bet black people whoooa this tweet is not starting off well
Kept nodding off at an estate auction and bought a garden gnome for 3 million dollars.
Your hips may not lie but your pushup bra is a sociopath.
Steve Irwin would have survived if he was wearing sun screen It protects against harmful rays
There are now two ways to pronounce ""Reddit"". Read-it and Re-edit. ^^^^^shit ^^^^^joke
How does a one liner hurt its readers? With its punchline
Last week I got a vibrator stuck inside of me so I went to the doctors... ...this morning when the batteries went flat
Here's my review of EA Sorry EA but if you want the review it'll be $5.99 for each letter and $7.99 for each punctuation and comma
I saw a woman with 12 breasts Sounds amazing, dozen tit?
I want to get a dog just so I can name it Stain That way when I take it to the park, and if it runs off, I can yell ""come Stain!""
What's the difference between snowmen and snowomen? Snowballs
A book never written: ""Secret Societies"" by E. Lumin Audi
I Would Flex But I Like This T-Shirt.
Too soon for a knock knock joke? ""Knock knock"" ""Who's there?"" ""The pilot, let me in!!!""
What do you call an escape artist dog? Basset Houndini
What's the hardest thing about rollerblading ?? Telling your parents you're gay.
What did one diabetic say to the other diabetic, on their blind date? I'm sorry, but you're just not my type.
Women call me ugly until they find out how much money I make. Then they call me ugly and poor.
If George W. Bush was the president of France today, he would declare war on Finland.
""Son: Dad, i had sex for the first time"" 'Dad: That is great Son! Sit down and tell me all about it' 'son: Yeah about that...'
Why was the Butcher depressed? Because his life was in shambles.
*daughter reading *son playing ipod *dog sleeping *house quiet *I go take a dump FISTFIGHT BREAKS OUT, DOG'S ON FIRE
Caeser ran into his friends Brutus Brutus said ""hey Julius, I heard you raped a Senators wife. What happened?"".  Caeser replied. "" Vidi Vici Veni!""
Did you hear about the New 3 Million Dollar Alabama State Lottery? 3 dollars a year for a million years.
Japenese inmates on death row aren't given their date of death by the prison staff. I guess they just want to leave them hanging.
I'm the guy that starts walking away as you're giving me directions.
What do two rednecks say to each other after a break up? Let's go back to being cousins.
Don't ever let anybody outshine you in life. If that means arriving at someone's funeral in a casket, then so be it.
an advice to every dad,if you wanna see your children just turn the router off,they will suddenly appear.btw ur neighbor might come as well.
What did the Roman premature ejaculater say? Veni, Vidi, Veni.
One cigarette shortens your life by two hours, one bottle of vodka by three hours, and a workday  eight hours.
Kind of morbid (sorry) (From my uncles) Him: Have you ever fucked a dog as long as you wanted? Me: NO! Him: Why'd you stop?
El chiste! Did you hear about the Mexican serial killer? He had Loco motives.
This guy rapes people with a smile on his face Fuck this psycho up. 248 Oh 330 And 0815
So someone dropped a Chinese baby in a toilet? My advice is to pop it in a bag of rice overnight...
Guys, you CAN catch AIDS from a toilet seat! If you sit down before the other guy gets up.
What do you call playful insults between terrorists? Talibanter
What's a somali's favorite sport? Cross-country
do they have the fourth of July in the UK? Of course it comes after the third and before the fifth of July
I had a 12 inch Italian last night Then I went to Subway
my kid threw a tantrum at IKEA and broke over 50 wine glasses. Cost me damn near $4 to pay for them all
My penis and I have had the same secret handshake for 13 years. Friends forever.
Father: Well Son how are your exam results ? Son: They're under water Father: What do you mean ? Son: Below ""C"" level !
Who Let The Dogs Out? Ramsay Bolton.
Almond Butter: For people that like peanut butter but don't want to be happy.
Everyone has been in the Navy at least once. We all started out as a seaman
For gods sake! You'd think it would be safe not locking a car in a church carpark on a Sunday, apparently NOT. Anyway I got 8 iPhones.
What's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? The Holocaust
Mike Tyson's biggest problem was he never had a strong male role model growing up. Mike's dad walked out on the family very early on, after Mike raped him.
Which group of people are the best at jazz? The Saxons!
Q: What kind of television do horses like? A: Saddle-lite TV
You know what really grinds my gears? When I shift into third without using the clutch.
The question is not ""Why is Instagram not working?"", but ""Why does the world need another picture of you?"" #instagramnotworking
What is common between my ex-wife and my last job? They don't suck anymore.
The worst thing you could hear after orally pleasing Willie Nelson. I'm not Willie Nelson.
Is it okay to marry your second cousin? [xpost from /r/dadjokes] Sure, as long as you're legally divorced from the first one.
Why did the condom go flying through the air? He was pissed off. (It took me an embarrassing amount of time to get this one.)
What kind of milk do the wealthiest people in the world give to their children? 1%
Me: My stomach hurts. WebMD: You're a kid, trying to get out of something.
There's this great joke I read on 9gag...
When Chuck Norris goes swimming he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris.
Why did Adele cross the road? So she could say hello from the other side (If this has already been posted I might cry I thought I made this all up on my own haha)
Wanna hear a pizza joke... never mind it's too cheesy
What did one snowman say to the other? I think I smell carrots!
Girlfriend My girlfriend said she wanted me to tease her. I said, 'Alright, fatty.'
I don't have shit to say and
American Beer is liking having sex in a canoe... It's fucking close to water. Heard this from a Dutch friend of mine and thought I would share.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? 7 did 9/11
Women freeze their eggs until they are ready to be a mom? Can I freeze my two year old until I'm ready?
OK, so they have GPS that can navigate you all the way across the country...why can't someone invent a device that can remind you why you went into a room?
What group would an obese racist join? The cake-cake-cake.
Guy goes to his psychotherapist wearing nothing but some transparent underpants the doctor says, ""I can clearly see your nuts""
(Warning, this is worse than those laffy-taffy jokes) Why don't engineers have sex with much frequency? Because it hertz!
""open up, this is the police!"" ""well, I've felt alone since my girlfriend left me, I'm sad all the time-"" ""no the door open up the door""
What do you call a fake Sony phone? Phony
What do skeletons like to put on their meat? Grave-y.
TIL there is a nerve that runs from the tear duct to the anus. If you don't believe me, let me pull a hair from your ass and see if it doesn't bring a tear to your eye.
""A mother is a person who seeing there are only four pieces of pie for five people, promptly announces she never did care for pie.""
Mom asked if I wanted to race toy cars with my neighbor Chucky. I responded, ""Nah, that's child's play.""
What should you say to a pig on roller skates?  Don't say anything. Just get out of the way.
Why are chemists such whores? They keep talking about their nitrates
The Parachuteless Dave Michael: Dave is so brave! He jumped out of a plane without a parachute! John: Ohh is it true? Where did you get the news? Michael: From his funeral.
The way to end up $1 Million using the stock market LEGIT invest 10 million into it
Why the Xelerator is better than the Airblade... Dyson only makes products that suck.
So the doctor tells me I have Cancer.... I said, ""That's nonsense, I'm a Gemini.""
What did the one eyed thief, with a hook for a hand, call the elven princess? Arrrrrrr-wen
A man comes into the doctor's office the doctor says: ""Clean that up yourself.""
A girl at the restaurant was about to eat her food before I stood up & yelled ""STOP. THIS IS NOT THE THIRD WORLD LADY. INSTAGRAM IT FIRST""
Anyone that says there are no stupid questions has never had to explain to a 5 year old why there are no pink bananas 267 times today.
Are you a Popsicle stand? ...Because I kind of want to blow you
Did you hear about the policeman who arrested the two boys, one who had a battery in possession and the other a firework? He charged one and let the other off.
How much does a Polar Bear weigh? Enough to lower your standards, I'm moonsout_goonsout
What do you call a bodybuilder that can't sing? Muscle tone deaf.
Telescopes probably use mirrors which means there is absolutely no way to know how many vampires there are in space.
Did you hear the one about Sandusky at the beach? A father walked up to him and said, ""get out of my sun!""
So Aliens Arrive ""Earth has a species with advanced warfare, they seem intelligent."" ""No, they have it aimed at themselves.""
I pick up hitchhikers cause then when I'm pulled over the weed is his.
Black Friday sales keep getting earlier and earlier Ferguson got a huge jump on things this year.
Why is Jeb! Bush still running for president? Because the Bush family thinks that no child should be left behind.
Woman: ""Can you please call me a taxi?"" Man: ""You're a taxi""
I'd rather see someone on the street coming towards me with a knife than a clipboard.
Saw a new machine at the gym, but could only use it for 20mins before it made me sick It was great... it had M&amp
What do vacuums and woman have in common? The more you pay, the better they suck.
A Mexican magician says he's going to make himself disappear on the count of three.. He says, uno.. Dos.. And then he vanished without a tres!
Knock Knock Who's there ! Brook ! Brook who ? Brook-lyn bridge !
I quit watching awards shows, because I never win anything.
How many Trump supporters does t take to change a light bulb? None, they'll just make the Mexicans do it.
Why is [friend's name] always on the bottom? Because they won't stop fucking up
What is your favorite one or two line joke? (X-Post from AskReddit) http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/32df3n/what_is_your_favorite_one_to_two_line_joke/ There were some funny jokes in there
DEAD BABY JOKES! I will get it started! Why is a pile of dead babies easier to move than a pile of bowling balls. - You cant use a pitchfork to move a pile of bowling balls.
How to lose a gf: Gf: which of my friends would be the most fun to have a 3some with? Me: *names two of them*
""I find it hard, it's hard to find"" - Kurt Cobain looking for the TV remote
""Ok welcome to ask stupid questions club. Any questions?"" Is this ask stupid questions club? ""You're now the leader of this club"" What club?
What kind of dog wears a uniform and medals ? A guard dog !
While everyone is pre-occupied with the reddit CEO/admins/FPH ban, don't forget what's really important The New England Patriots deflated their footballs.
People who pariticpate in karaoke and are actually good singers are just fucking obnoxious.
The more Twitter tells me it's over Capacity, the more I think Twitter still loves Capacity and regularly sits outside her house, weeping.
I tell you what makes my blood boil, faulty spacesuits.
Who was the least guilty President of the them all? Lincoln. He was in-a-cent.
Yo mama's so mean... She has no standard deviation.
What did the potato name his son? Chip. Sorry.
What's dumber than a box of rocks The hippie that carries them around the country.
Two forks... Two forks were flying and one of them crashed. You know why? Because forks can't fly. Two cows were flying and one of them crashed. You know why? He got a fork in his eye.
When ppl I know try to explain a problem they're having w/ someone I don't know, I think, ""when I get home I'm going to eat food & watch TV""
Why will no one watch the Olympic games this year only old men will be competing
What do you call it when a banana eats another banana? Canabananalism EDIT: Thanks for all the support, only my second reddit post and I'm surprised this got as many upvote a as it did!
Me: I can't get this star on top of the Christmas tree without a ladder, without dumping it over & ruining it. Whiskey: Yes you can.
What's the difference between an alpaca and your Mom? One is a hairy beast that spits, the other is native to South America.
How many dead-heads does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They just let it burn out and follow it around for twenty years.
Of course my days are numbered.. That's how calendars work.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Put him in the microwave 'till his Bill Withers.
What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree? ""Hold onto your nuts, this ain't no ordinary blow job.""
Pronounce it ""Valentimes Day"" so Cupid will know to shoot you right in your stupid face.
What do you call a fart in a gay bar? A mating call LoL
Watched a documentary about retina surgery the other day.. It was eye-opening.
This might be a bit rascist: What do you call an African American Houdini? Black Magic
Why was Plutarch considered a great comedian? He was the first to practice dead-pan-delivery.
What's the square root of 69? Eight something.
If I ever see a shark I won't be attacked. Because although sharks are attracted to blood in the water, they are repelled by feces.
A police officer came up to me yesterday and said, ""Where were you between four and six?"" I said, ""Kindergarten.""
How many ADD kids does it take to change a lightbulb? Wanna go ride bikes? (xpost r/imgoingtohellforthis)
I just got slapped by a girl for asking her, ""Do you spit or swallow?"" I thought this was a very reasonable question to ask her, considering we were at a wine tasting session.
Two cows walk in to a bar... Then one of the cows says: ""*Mooooo*"", then the other replies, ""*Fuck, I was supposed to say that*""
[at the gym] ME: Hey, can you spot me? GUY: Sure, which machine? ME: *gestures to vending machine* Right over there
[very obviously being hit on] hahaha ok well, see you around [4 days later, cutting open a cantaloupe] wait a second
I just watched my dog chase his tail for ten minutes, and I thought to myself, Wow, dogs are easily entertained. Then I realized : I just watched my dog chase his tail for ten minutes.
What snakes are good at sums ? Adders !
What do you call it when a pickle makes a mistake? A dill d'oh
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom? because the 'p' is silent.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he never never lands!
Not to get technical But according to chemistry alcohol is technically a solution
Siri, fight Alexa.
Wanna hear a funny joke? Woman's rights. Sorry for the sexism here, but i saw this and laughed my head clean off
What do you call it when Einstein faps? A stroke of genius.
Did you hear about the kid who slept through every class in school? He got all z's.
Leia: You owe child support. Han: What? I'm in hyperspace. Leia: You're standing right here Han: *makes hyperdrive noises with his mouth*
Black Friday through the years: 2005: 5am 2010: 3am 2012: 12am 2013: Thursday 8pm 2014: Thursday 2020: 4th of July
A blind judge conducted a trial.. And even after no one managed to provide a substantial incriminating evidence he still condemned the defendant. he couldn't see the truth.
Engineering joke At work today I told an engineer I liked the cool shapes in his design. ""Oh, it's not intentional" he responded. ""It's mostly in compression.""
Heard a Beethoven piece & a Ke$ha song yesterday. Which one is deaf again?
Dead memes are like dead babies They never get old.
Why did Mary fell from the swing ? Because she hasn't got arms !
How do weathermen get up a mountain? They climate
""Keep that upside-down frown right where it is!"" - Botox Patient Saying
Why didn't the hipster have HIV? He fucked Charlie Sheen before he was cool.
What do you call a turtle that sends pictures to everyone? a Snapping Turtle
Literal People Anonymous Welcome to Literal People Anonymous, would everyone please take a seat. NO, WAIT! BRING THOSE CHAIRS BACK!
Mcdonalds will be serving a new burger which you cant touch. Its called the Mchammer.
How are people from Kentucky like flour? They're inbred.
Mom: Time to wake updog. Son: *groggily* What's updog? Mom: Just waking you up for school, dog, what's up wit u? Dad (from hallway): OWNED
Why do trash pandas always get into a fight? They trash talk.
Trump is too politically incorrect, Hillary is too politically correct Yet they're both incorrect for politics
What do you call a bitchy midget who can get to places quickly? A shortcunt.
What's the difference between a Jew and Harry Potter? One of them left the chamber alive.
Just accidentally deleted all my contacts. Best day ever.
What do you a pterodactyl that can't fly? Inosaur.
Confucius say... Man who walks everyday barefoot will have a tough sole
What did one train track say to the opposite track? Wanna race?
Give me one reason why I shouldn't pass this math class ""You held up 2 fingers just now"" Ok then give me that many reasons
went to kiss a girl last night and her eyes rolled back and her head floated off her shoulders body burst into flames i am a bad kisser
I'm Homy... I bet 99% of you pervs misread that.
Q: Why did the fly fly? A: Because the spider spied her.
What do a flat-earther, a Nazi, and YOU have in common? They all get one vote.
What's Mr T's favourite dessert? Petit Filous (Credit goes to my ex wife for this one).
i have 1 queston for u what are thoooose
A girl just broke up with her friend The guy deserved it. He loved her more than anything, but still he treated her really badly. He really was a dick' to her. (addicted to her)
A person who knows two languages is called bilingual. Three or more languages
*at a restaurant* Don't be awkward, don't be awkward Waitress: how's the food? Me: yes
I think the implication that you might want to share your Kit Kat with 3 friends seems unreasonable.
What do you do when you see an epileptic throwing a fit in a bath tub? You throw in some laundry and detergent.
Roman mythology in 3 words The fuck's plagiarism?
What do you call someone with no arms? Disarmed.
Eating some turkey? Put gravy on it. Mashed potatoes dry? Try gravy. Headache? Shot of gravy. Depressed? More gravy. Lost a limb? Gra
I like my coffee like I like my women. Without a penis.
Did you hear about the Chinese military general who deserted his position during a time of war? It was General Tso, and he will always be known as a chicken
What's black and sits at the top of stairs? Stephen Hawking after a house fire.
I've haven't made up my mind on masturbation... ...on one hand it feels good.
The person with duct tape holding most of their car together always has the right-of-way.
Don't run with scissors because you might accidentally trip, fall and cut the grand opening ribbon of a new museum 2 weeks ahead of schedule
Idiots beating you down Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Two more nuns Two nuns in a bath. First one says ""where's the soap?"" Second nun says ""yeah, it does doesn't it.""
I can totally relate to the plight of the homeless. I once gave up Twitter for five whole days.
Why people use Twitter: because updating 100 times a day on Facebook is not socially acceptable.
Conservatives keep telling me to find Jesus How am I supposed to find him if they want him sent back to mexico and want a wall to keep him out?
Homeless people are so lucky. They don't have to pay rent and can eat as many pigeons as they want.
No matter how kind you are, German children will always be kinder.
/!\ AP Breaking News /!\ Sheltered Rich White Southerner Uses Racial Slurs But Says It's Not Hateful
You - The food smells wonderful Me - That's me I burped
How does a mathematician solve constipation? Pro biotics and a healthy amount of fiber.
Fun trick: Handcuff her and tell her you're taking her to 50 Shades of Grey. That way she can't escape when you go to The SpongeBob Movie.
What would be a good dating site for rednecks ? MyHeritage.com
What's the right age to tell a film that it's adapted?
A stormtrooper just got sent to the firing squad. He will be missed.
What would a world without women feel like? A pain in the arse.
Okay, guys, yes, we know Bostonians have been calling iPods ""IPads"" for years. STOP MAKING FUN.
(slightly dirty) What's the difference between a striptease artist and a trapeze artist A trapeze artist has a cunning stunt....
coworker: did you hear someone used all the charity money to buy snacks from the vending machine me: *laughing nervously* that's awful
Guy in orchestra was charged with manslaughter Police state that he had a history of reckless violins.
The only drinking problem I have is not having enough money to keep buying it.
You Gotta Hand It To Leave Brits They were so concerned about immigrants ruining their economy that they preempted it and ruined their economy themselves.
[BDSM] I accidentally flogged another dominatrix's client Oops, wrong sub
Raise your right hand if you were home schooled. No, your other right hand.
Whats the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a bottle of glue? Anyone can tuna piano, but nobody can piano a tuna!
[Brings date home] O geez did I leave all my rare, holographic Pokemon cards out on my bed again? Guess we'll just have to lay here & battle
Sometimes I run alongside trains, tearfully waving, just so people will think I have a girlfriend.
I like my women like I like my coffee.... ...without a penis
A deeply religious man is trying to book a room at a hotel. He asks the receptionist if the pornography is disabled. To which she replies, ""No. We just have regular pornography, you sick fuck.""
My roommate dressed as a syringe for our Halloween house party. He's upstairs with the sexy girl wearing the Courtney Love costume. In the addict.
Why can you never get caught with a 0 in math? because cot(0) doesn't exist ... This joke... it burns my eyes...
Want to make a nerd's head explode? Go to any site that posted the new Star Wars trailer & write ""Where's Captain Kirk?"" in the comments.
When they were saying ""we will find a good home for him"" I thought they were talking about the dog,I didn't know they were talking about me!
Do you love me? Of course Then whisper something soft and sweet in my ear Lemon meringue pie !
There's 2 statues in a dark room, what did one statue say to the other statue? Is statue?
My gilfriend Is like Pokemon go servers. Unreliable Edit: bad spelling in title
What did one lawyer say to the other lawyer?
Tax time is when I'm grateful that I'm detal oriented.
What does a geography graduate do with a lightbulb? Not get a job.
I just bought some ""ribbed cotton tank t-shirts"" at WalMart. You'd think that'd be the one place on earth they'd call them wifebeaters.
What did Paul Revere say when he got on his horse? Giddy up horsey !
How do you raise a baby elephant ? With a fork lift truck !
Why did the pirate become a tenor? Because he has a lot of experience on the high C.
""I'm cold"" - a talking ice cube or a woman
""Grandpa, get out of the bathtub. You'll get cold and die."" Grandpa got out of the bathtub, got cold, and died...
What Metallica song does Captain America hate? Trapped Under Ice.
When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90 % of their body... Men are so polite they only look at the covered parts.
She told me my analogies didn't make any sense. It seriously made me feel like a biscuit in an elevator.
Why is it easy to break in to an old man's  house? Because his gait is broken and his locks are few.
Just got back from my secret society meeting. I'm really pleased with next year's Golden Globe winners.
Since married famous people often mix names, shouldn't Hillary and Bill's be... Hillbilly?
I hate tacos. -Said no Juan ever
There is nothing worse than watching the new guy at Subway make your sandwich.
What does Batman put in his drinks? Just ice.
I was wondering how the truck was getting so big... Then it hit me.
What do you call a weirdo slowly driving a jeep past an elementary school? Jeeper creeper!
Maybe we gave Chris Brown too tough a time over Rihanna In his eyes, he may have just beat her white and gold.
According to maxipad commercials, all women are full of blue windshield washer fluid.
Little known fact: If you ride any animal in the zoo for more than 30 seconds... it's yours to keep.
Some days having kids makes it all worthwhile. I haven't experienced any yet, but statistically they're bound to happen at some point.
How do you make a hormone? Pay well, and give her the best time you can.
[at SunMaid farms with a guy] Guy: so is this a date? Girl:... No? These are raisins
I once knew a guy named Rob. I once new a guy named Rob, for a dollar he would suck on your knob. For a half dollar more, you could get the whole score And he would eat it like it was his job
she had the body of Serena Williams and the penis of Serena Williams
What do you call a person who looks at a glass half-empty? An Alcoholic.
He died doing what he loved: typing his symptoms into WebMD instead of going to the doctor
Anti-humor Two men walk into a bar, the third one ducks.
Someone keeps downvoting my racist jokes. It's like a ton of black people suddenly got laptops or something.
I'm not in a relation""ship" I'm in a relation""barge"" that's towing emotional garbage all day long.
Teacher: What is the formula for water? Student: H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O. Teacher: That's not what I taught you. Student: But you said the formula for water was...H to O.
My 4 year old and I are having an argument. I'm telling him that he is making me late for work and he's telling me that he is Batman.
Well. Now I'm beginning to think Toyota is doing this on purpose. Like they're getting back at people for making jokes about Asian drivers.
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia? Staple a piece of bread to the ceiling.
What do you get if you cross a sheepdog with a  jelly ? The collie wobbles !
President of Columbia has announced that the country is going into severe economic depression... ...since the deaths of Amy Winehouse and Whitney Houston.
I have feelings for you. Please take them and leave.
Jerry Seinfeld is at Best Buy. ""We've got a great deal on TVs today"" the salesman says. ""What's the deal?"" Jerry says. The Best Buy explodes
What did Anakin say when the princess asked for his credit card? Naboo
If Trump wins, why should you move to Mexico instead of Canada? Because there'll be an actual wall keeping you from Trump
A wizard walks into a gay bar.... ...and disappeared with a poof
I started working on my 2nd million this year... Gave up on the first...
What is the difference between complete and finished? If you find the right woman, you're complete.
Me: I bet you die before you figure out how to text me back. *3 years later* Grandma: Fuck you bitch. Say bye to your inheritance
How to get fucked up in bakery? Get creampied.
Why are Werewolves such pessimists? They refuse to look at the silver lining.
What's the difference between some tuna , a piano and some glue ? You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna
What's the biggest difference between Republicans and Democrats? Republicans sign their checks on the front, and democrats sign on the back.
A man walks into a bar... ...ouch
I'm so bored with life, I've decided to read the Oxford English Dictionary from start to finish. I'm past caring.
Johnny: Will you marry me? Jenny: You have to ask my father first. Johnny: (later) Well, I asked him. Jenny: And what did he say? Johnny: He said he's already married.
Did you hear about the adult entertainment business for religious visionaries? It was really successful - the prophets just kept on coming
Life sucks, I lent a guy ten grand to get plastic surgery, and now I don't know what he looks like.
I once heard a story of a man who played Destiny, trying to get the greatest boots of all time, named The Dubstep Grieves. He died waiting for the drop.
I would show you a Liszt of all the music jokes I know... But to be Franck, I don't think you could Handel them!
[priest bends over my coffin seductively revealing a thong to the entire funeral]
I guess it's time to lose some weight. I cut myself shaving and gravy came out...
If Yao Ming decides to a get cat, he should name it Meow Ming.
Now do you save a man from drowning? Take your foot off his head.
What did the blonde do after she combed her hair? .. She pulled her pants up.
The worst thing about parallel parking is witnesses.
I know Jiu-Jitsu, Sambo, Judo, Aikido and lots of other scary words.
What's the difference between a tuna and a piano? You can tuna piano but you cannot piano a tuna.
Why can't astronauts stay in a long term relationship? They need space.
How do people approach their crush I don't even have the guts to ask for an extra ketchup in McDonald's?
How do people in the movies dig 6-foot deep graves with a shovel? I got tired digging a hole to plant a bush
50 Shades of Letting People on the Train Know You're Not Getting Laid
If you're going to insist I get you a wedding gift, then I'm going to insist you bail me out when I get caught shoplifting it.
Get off my lawn. Oh, it's you. Mow the lawn. -My dad
A very British joke: I went to a class to learn how to make the perfect cup of tea It was a steep learning curve
I could argue that someone passing out in the punchline enhances the joke, but that would be faint praise indeed.
Irishman applies for a job at a Blacksmiths. The Blacksmith asks ""Have you ever shoed a horse?"" The Irish man replies, ""No, but I once told a Donkey to fuck off.""
Disliking the social justice crowd is to hating social justice as disliking the song ""We Are the World"" is to hating starving children.
I tried to catch fog yesterday Mist
What did the timid porn star say to the talking cat? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LOOOOOOONG JOHNSON!!!!
my last words when I die will be See you later.....maan.
""Because Im a goddamned rock star!"" wasn't the answer my boss was looking for as to why I was late to work, lesson learned.
What did the fish say when it swam into the wall? Dam.
My mom told me not to hang out with bad girls, she never said don't be one.
This year's Christmas must-haves? Food, water and shelter! #theclassics
Why does Donald Trump secretly want to lose the election? To Make America Great Again
Reddit is like Playboy Nobody reads the articles...
How do you shut Donald Trump up? Muzzle-im
*whispers in bed* I want to try something with you I've never done before *engages in a loving and mutually beneficial adult relationship*
What is DJ Khaled's favorite number? 11, because it is another 1.
I really want to take my girlfriend out to dinner... ...But she asks way too much per hour.
Why does James Bond keep telling people his real name? Worst. Spy. Ever.
Did you hear about Trump's tax plan? Declare that the US has a $900 million loss so we all don't have to pay taxes!
Nurse: Where does it hurt? Me: *Points to heart* Nurse: Awwww that is so cute! Me. *COLLAPSES FROM HEART ATTACK*
In the future the only two jobs left are Uber driver and escape room planner.
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it 
My cat constantly looks at me like I asked her to give me a ride to the airport.
Cross-Eyed Monster: When I grow up I want to be a  bus driver. Witch: Well I won't stand in your way.
Doctor: ""You have a blockage in your small & large intestine"" Barista: ... Barista: ... Doctor: *Sigh* ""Ok, Tall & Venti intestine.""
same sex I have the same sex with my wife every month..
what's the peak of bad luck to fall off a crashing plane on a sinking ship
Where can I donate to the American Red Cross? I would like to help with house #7.
What do you call a boxer who comes home after a fight, to beat up his wife? Overtime.
Oedipus teasing... Oedipus passes near the hill and sees Sisyphus rolling the boulder up that hill. Oedipus (to Sisyphus): How's it goin'? Sisyphus: Shut up, motherfucker.
Stop it with the Apple Hate Jokes. You're making the doctors come back again.
Officer, if I can't stand in the shoulder of the road, screaming and crying, then maybe they shouldn't call it the breakdown lane.
There aren't enough hours in the day to put off the things I don't want to do
I wish prostitutes would learn a lesson from eBay ...and do away with insertion fees.
Trying to get this hot girl at the bar jealous, so I'm slow dancing & making out with a potted plant. It's working, she's been staring at me
How come ants don't go to the church? They are in sects.
I bought some blonde paint. It isn't very bright but it spreads easily.
[at ER] ME: my stomach hurts. DOC: have you been able to eat anything today? ME: yeah, like 75 pieces of pizza.
What do you call a wandering caveman? A Meanderthal
What is Donald Trump's rap name? Toupee Fiasco
We called her herpes helen We called her herpes Helen because her name was Helen.
I heard 80% of all accident happen within 10 miles of home. So I moved.
What's the difference between a jew and a pizza? A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.
All I want in this world is some one I can turn to and yell, ""Avenge Me!!"" if I'm dying or wrongly accused of a crime. Oh and rocket shoes
Me: I'm going shopping. Him: If you buy more than one pair of shoes I'm divorcing you. Me: Deal!
What's the difference between a jew and a pizza? A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven!
Oscar Wilde once boasted that he could make a pun on any subject... Someone called out ""The Queen!"" ""Ah"", replied Wilde, ""but the Queen is not a subject.""
Q1: What vehicle does T-Rex use to go from planet to planet? A: A Dinosaucer
[in bed] Me: got a costume from the Princess Leia slave scene Him: omg yes Me: *disappears to change* *comes back dressed as Jabba the Hutt*
I like my women like quality agronomy soil... ..good penetration to 8"", bare surface, and minimal crust.
How do zombies communicate in times of war? Cryptic code.
Like a good neighbor, StateFarm is...
A general calls a colonel: - Do you have a couple of smart majors? - Yes I do. - Send them to me. I need to move my furniture around.
Zoos shouldn't have realistic sculptures of animals. I'm not that smart, people.
How can environmental scientists stay on top of the global warming issue? They climate.
My mind says ""no"" but my heart says ""yes"", all my vital organs speak English, it's very confusing and loud
I went to band camp and all I got was... This shirt that said: I'll Allegro your vibrato!
What did the man in the wheelchair say when he returned the hat he borrowed? Thanks for the handy cap.
There are two types of people in the world. 1. Those that can finish lists.
No Wonder black people are so fast! Having a 3rd leg really helps.
Thanks to Target's full length 3 way mirrors, I'm now painfully aware I look like a melting candle from the back.
I like my wine like my women 11 years old and locked up in my cellar
I made up a color in my head today. It was a pigment of my imagination.
I got mugged last night! My assailants made off with everything from my shoes to my mood ring... I still don't know how I feel about that.
No thanks, NASCAR. If I wanted to spend 8 hrs watching a car drive around in a big circle, I'd go on a road trip with my mom.
Hey! It's Cyber Monday... a/s/l?
What did Jay-Z call Beyonce before they got married? Feyonce
First boy: My dad saw a horrible witch  and didn't turn a hair! Second boy: I'm not surprised - your dad's bald!
How do you get a fat person into bed? Piece of cake.
What do you get when you mix the Twelve Days of Christmas with Ninety-nine Bottles of beer on the wall? A year in prison if there's any justice.
Brought a ninja to a gunfight and it was really cool. Everyone clapped. Then they shot him.
why does a fly hang upside down ? to take the weight of its feet.
I say 'tomato', you say 'put your hands where I can see them and exit the vehicle slowly' .
What do you call 'a woman's understanding'? Misunderstanding
Two parrots are sitting on a Perch One says to the other ""Can you smell fish?""
Reason for ER visit: Injured in a masturbatory frenzy Again.
When I tell people I don't speak English to get out of a conversation I randomly throw the word hemorrhoid just to bring it home
I'm at my most Michael Phelps when I find out someone has peed in the pool.
I'm so lazy, if I got kidnapped I'd just think, ""Well, this is where I live now.""
I hate seeing people I know on Tinder My girlfriend has some explaining to do...
How many super saiyans does it take to change a light bulb? FIND OUT NEXT TIME ON DRAGON BALL Z!
A seal walks into a club.... That's the story and we're sticking to it.
I just Tokyo drifted my shopping cart into the checkout line and now all the moms in this grocery store want to have an affair with me.
What did the police officer say to the white man running away with a TV? ""Sir, you dropped your receipt!""
Women are generally speaking
When I see a couple sharing the same facebook account I always want to ask them which one of you got caught having an affair
Have you heard what I think of windmills? Big Fan.
What do you get if an elephant has sex with a rabbit? A dead rabbit with a gaping asshole.
My landlord just called and said my neighbors just complained about all the loud freaky sex they are hearing from my house... So now I'm on my way to buy some headphones for my laptop...
Don't spell part backwards It's a trap
What do lesbian vegetarians eat? Vaggie burgers
How do you turn a cobra into a rattlesnake? Give it to Michael J Fox
If I was married to you, I would put poison in your tea If I was married to you, madame, I would drink it
What separates the men from the apes? The Mediterranean Sea.
That touchdown dance is exactly the same as mine when I wake up in a guy's apartment and his furnished apartment has a nice view.
Jaws 2 (1978): after the sudden death of his father, a young shark is forced to take over the family business in a seaside resort.
Why don't violists get stressed? Because they have nothing to fret about!
Why does everyone keep saying the Boston Marathon was a tragedy? I heard everybody had a blast.
What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night A widow
Cologne companies have no clue what really attracts women. If they did, every bottle would smell like doughnuts.
This fibonacci joke is as bad as the last two you heard combined
What's the difference between a cockroach and the Japanese? A nuke won't kill a cockroach
What is Kim Kardashian's favorite hockey team? The Chicago Blackhawks
Do you like Asian Diplomacy jokes? I've been feeding the kids in my political science class a steady diet of Japanese Government jokes.
What do you call two Canadians buy coffee? Double double doubles
I hit 2k followers. Now that I've gathered you all here, I'd like to discuss the benefits of Amway
What do you call love between a Dick and an Asshole? Tainted Love
I learned mathematical fractions from a drug dealer. He said if I don't pay $4,000 in 7 days, I'll lose 3 fingers.
Last night I dreamt I was a muffler... I woke up this morning exhausted.
What gets longer when pulled, fits between breasts, inserts neatly in a hole, and works best when jerked? A Seatbelt!
Every time ""Cops"" comes on I'm like ""PLEASE don't show my episode.""
It's become so annoying at weddings, when elderly relatives start playing the game of ""I wonder who'll be next""... ...so I've started doing the same to them at funerals.
Why are women dressed white on their wedding day? because all good kitchen appliances come in white.
Do you know what's fucking intense? Camping with your girlfriend.
What is Hitler's favorite type of car? A fuhrari
My son: Mommy I can't wait to grow up and be a man. Me: Don't be silly son, you can't do both
""Lights on, or lights off?"" he asked me. I said, ""Just give me the prostate exam, please.""
That heroic moment where one of your chips break off in the dip and you send another one into save it.
Burn victims never travel alone They always stick together
It doesn't matter how old you get, buying snacks for a road trip should always look like an unsupervised 9-year-old was given $100.
""I thought I'd thaw a pussy cat."" -- dogs deciding what to take out of the freezer for dinner
What sound does a Turkey make? ""coup coup""
What idiot named her Miley Cyrus' grandma and not Nana Montana.
I like my women as I like my classical regression model estimators: consistent, efficient, and fucking unbiased.
What does a zen ghost say? Boo, duh...
RIP hacker who was spying on me through my Laptop's camera. Died of boredom
I don't think this girl on Facebook will ""survive"" the 2nd day of her diet.. I'll keep you posted.
[on Mars] ASTRONAUT: An alien! MISSION CONTROL: Ok, so A: I choke slammed it MC: What? A: Another one! MC: DO NOT CH A: [choke slam noises]
Have you heard about the new drink, the hurricane Sandy? It's a watered down Manhattan.
Door-to-door Christian guy: Jesus loves you. Me: Really? Just me? Him: Well, no. He loves everyone. Me: I don't have time for players.
Why cant Ray Charles see his friends? Because he's ~~Blind~~ Married
Teacher: Why are you pushing garlic into the computer's disk drive? Pupil: To keep vampires off the Internet Teacher: But there aren't any vampires on the Internet Pupil: See? It works doesn't it?
Young man cashier: Ma'am, if you don't mind me saying, you have really beautiful eyes. What I heard: Ma'am
What is the hardest part in coming out of the closet? Telling your parents you are gay.
Do you know how to avoid click bait? Obviously not...
Hey, do you like analogies? I got plenty! I got analogy to rabbits, analogy to grass, analogy to mold...
Huh? Guess I must've got drunk and married Google at some point. I can barely get a word out now before it tries to finish my sentence.
A man was milking a cow... and suddenly a bull walks into the barn. The cow gets panic and says"Oh shit! My husband!""
Why is NASA having a lawsuit filed against them from animal protection? ...because curiosty killed the cat
why did both ass-cheeks get fired from work? One was always left behind causing the other to half-ass everything
What's Jared's favorite Subway bread? Italian Herbs and Child Pornography.
According to really smart people I should have started saving 20 years ago.
The Greek dilemma: If you are swimming in a sea of shit and someone throws a turd at you, do you duck?
60% of all secretaries can type... The other 40% are huntn' peckers.
How does a man take a bubble bath? He eats beans for dinner.
Why don't women have men's brains?Because they don't have penises to put them in.
She said yes! Unfortunately, the question was ""Are you sure you want to break up?""
Did you hear about the Piano Teacher that slept with his student? She was A Minor.
Some people can have all the lights on and still be in the dark.
OMG I forgot to read my horoscope and now I have no idea what life has in store for me today!!!!!!
Have you tried Ethiopian food? Neither have they
Q: What do blonds and spaghetti have in common? A: They both wriggle when you eat them.
The man who invented the jigsaw has died. May he rest in pieces.
I could lose weight simply by not eating the food I drop onto my shirt.
There aren't that many casinos in Africa. Cause there are too many cheetahs. And if you meet one who claims he isn't a cheetah, he's probably lion to you.
""Man cave"" - Russian who has yet to get a full grip on our language, except mostly slang terms, describing the end of a couple's argument
I like people getting mad at airlines for snow-relayed delays/cancellations. You think companies that incompetent can control the weather?
I feel sorry for people who don't have dogs. I hear they have to pick up food they drop on the floor.
I like my women like I like my tea. In a bag, underwater.
If video games were really bad for you, then the entire Pac-man generation would be eating pills and running away from their problems Oh wait.
One day a man met three beggars. To the first he  gave a dime to the second a dime and to the third a nickel. What time was it? A quarter to three.
Do you know how many people were gored in Spain during the running of the bulls? Same as last year: Not enough
KIDNAPPER: [on phone] I'm holding your son for ransom. DAD: I have no money, what's the ransom? KIDNAPPER: Bring me one rich kid.
Nothing's sadder than the look on my dog's face when I reach under the kitchen table to pet her and she realizes my hand is empty.
What does an omnipotent God do with his penis? Fuck all.
Dear Kids, ""16 & Pregnant"" is a TV show, not a Challenge...
I was fired from my job for placing the vegetables in sexually suggestive ways Apparently you can't do that if you're a specials-eds teacher
What do you get when you throw a Pokeball at a Pakistani? A Pakimon.
""I feel like 790,000 bucks!!"" Said a woman feeling like a million bucks.
What is life like for a wood worm ? Boring !
They say that 15% of males don't get enough fibre in their diet... ...I guess it's tough shit for them!
How are airplanes and women alike? They both have cockpits.
What would you call it when a dinosaur gets into a car crash? Tyrannosaurus Wrecks
What is the difference between a chihuahua humping your leg and a pit bull humping your leg? The pit bull gets to finish.
I always love the reaction I get after I cannonball into a public pool. ""OMG, Where's my baby!?""
What's the difference between a Maine girl and a moose? 15 lbs and a flannel shirt.
Turkey Is going to get served very soon
I've always been the kind of person who likes to think outside of the box. Although it has harmed my career as a goalkeeper.
Why don't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom? Because it's *P* is silent....
An atheist, a vegan and a crossfitter walk into a bar... I only know because they told everyone within two minutes.
I wrote a poem today! Half of it is true. The other half is just a bunch of lies to make it rhyme.
911: I'd like to report a Twief! 911: What? A Twurglar! 911: I don't follow You can't catch em like that. Hurry they're getting stars!
Where does beef come from? Cowschwitz.
Are you there God? It's me, Margaret. YES MY CHILD Great! Amway is the largest multi-level marketing company worldwide. Our products range
I would never let MY child act like that. -things my friends without kids say.
I went to a library... and asked the librarian if they had a book on Pavlov's dogs and Schrodinger's cat. She said, ""Well it rings a bell but I'm not sure if it's there or not.""
Did you hear about the girl who was found masturbating while on her period? She was caught red handed
What's worse than a talking parrot joke? The Holocaust.
What does a dog get at the vet? [FIXED]
Why does it feel like time slows down during the day when you're at work and rapidly speeds up at night when you get home?
My car is equipped with the best anti-theft device in Florida. I call it ""No air conditioning"".
My grandfather always said, ""Be envied, not envious."" I wish I'd thought of that quote.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Cork ! Cork who ? Cork and beans !
How do you make a Hindu self destruct? Press the red button
If I give up my seat for you on the bus, it's my right to stand in front of you and stare down your blouse. I think it's in the Bible.
*wife gives me a big hug before I leave for work* I love you too, babe! [later] Where's my credit card? Son of a..
Q: How do you make a violin sound like a viola? A: Play in the low register with a lot of wrong notes.
What do vegetarian worms eat?? Linda Mcartney
[deathbed] ME: Give me that sword & I'll haunt it when I die SON: I made this [hands me cake] ME: No! [dies] CAKE: [in my voice] God damn it
Arnold's new tell all book. Arnold Schwarzenegger just wrote a new tell all book because no one could understand his audio book.
A man walks into a bar and see three bitches. Because he's a misogynist.
Eli5: how preventing users from submitting anything to subs helps anything.
Did you hear about that cheese factory that exploded in France?? There was nothing left but de Brie.
How do you guys feel about that new drug-resistant superbug? It makes me sick.
My truck is a lot like Tony Romo. It will turn over, but the clutch doesn't work.
why cant Paul Walker use tumblr? He only sticks to the dashboard
ME: I cant make it in today BOSS: again? why M: my car died B: that's the same excuse you used yesterday M: yeah but today's the funeral
A woman gets a C section What does the doctor say to the woman who has to get a c section? There's not enough womb!
Hey, Edgar Allen, go ahead and Poe me up another drink! Don't tell me to be quiet, lady! Why are there so many books in this bar?
How many Super Saiyans does it take to change a light-bulb? (It's not &gt
Why doesn't a rooster wear underwear? becuase his peckers on his head
Saw a bumper sticker with a gun and ""I don't call 911!"" Jesus. I hope his wife doesn't fall down the stairs. ""Sorry darlin'."" -*BLAM BLAM*
2 potatoes standing on the street corner how do you tell which one is the slut? The 1 that says I da ho
An irishman walks out of a bar .
On an analog clock, 6:30 is the best time of day... Hands down
If Chuck Norris round-house kicks you, you will die. If Chuck Norris' misses you with the round-house kick, the wind behind the kick will tear out your pancreas and you will still die.
Facilitator: Any questions about the sexual harrassment course before we start? *raises hand* Me: Is ""harass"" one word or two? F: Me: Thx
A monkey was arrested today when he started throwing flaming feces at zoo employees. Three of the zoo employees were rushed to the hospital with turd debris burns.
Why does the new French navy have glass bottom ships? So they can see the old French navy.
*Does something bad* Mom: *tells the entire family, tweets, posts on Facebook, blogs, tells people in china*
""I'm gonna get a tattoo that says 'Helvetica', written in Arial. When a woman corrects me on it, I will marry her.""
What's the difference between an oral and anal thermometer? The taste
I married a French girl and had three sons We named our first son Antoine. We named our second son Anteux. We named our third son Antthree.
You've said it before and I'll say it again -Plagiarists
Why did Helen Keller try lsd? Because she was told it makes you see things!
BOSS: I suspect one of you wrongly uses nouns as verbs. Everyone turns around and stairs at me.
What's better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics? Not being *special*
Don't confuse your path with your destination. Just because it's stormy now doesn't mean you aren't headed for sunshine.
What do you call 5 lesbians and 5 state workers? 10 people that don't do dick.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball? kluhhh kolchhhh
So I complimented my friend's majestic moustache. No idea why she had to slap me though.
Did you hear about the recently unemployed electrician? Apparently he's now ohm-less.
All my jokes are lost baggage... You'll get them in a couple days
Oh you like Oreos? Name five of their albums. And I'm talking their obscure shit like watermelon, none of this main stream birthday cake shi
A Little Jewish Humor Q: How much does a moil get paid? A: Fifty dollars and a tip.
People who live in stone houses can throw all the glass they want.
That sinking feeling when you realize you forgot to lock your clubhouse when you were 8, and it's probably all infested now with girls
I tried making a belt that had a watch for a buckle ... it was a waist of time.
Very few people can brag about getting a handjob from their barber after a haircut nowadays. Then again, very few people cut their own hair.
A Ukrainian playwright has written two comedic satires of the current war. 1. Crimea River and 2. Donetsk, Don't Tell
Daaaaamn girl! You're like a fire alarm! Really loud and annoying!
[furious with son] wife: what happened? me: he talks back to me and is insulting me in Spanish [son from room] yolo isn't spanish me: ya see
I've decided to sell my Hoover ..... it was just collecting dust
A new definition of the word ""shrimp"" A girl whose body is so good but you want to cut her head off.
WIFE:Someone's broken in ME *grabs baseball bat*Wait here [downstairs] PAL:Can't u just tell her u wanna play baseball M: Keep ur voice down
There once was a girl from Leith... who circumcized guys with her teeth. It wasnt for fame, or the love of the game, it was for the cheese underneath.
My mate's gambling is getting out of hand. He's just bet his newborn son in our game of poker. I thought, ""I might have to raise him.""
My dad wanted to name me, ""Rusty" if I was a boy. Thank you, X chromosomes.
I find if you sprinkle some bacon bits on a salad, but don't actually add any salad, then its a pretty good salad.
Whats the difference between a black guy and a bench? A bench can support a family
I eat my gummy bears 2 at a time ..no one should die alone
Buckwheat has converted to Islam He is now known as Kareem of wheat.
Did I tell you my aunt died in this bed? #whatnottosayduringsex
Coffee is a gateway drug. You end up stirring liquid with increasingly larger sticks until eventually you're paddling a kayak.
Where do dinosaurs get their pickles from? Vlasic Park
What's the difference between America and Saudi Arabia? You don't need a computer to play minesweeper in Saudi Arabia. (I'm not sorry)
How did the math teacher solve her constipation problem? She worked it out with a pencil.
Writing my first book, I got stuck on the details... ...ended up haiku.
Why do people leave letters at the football ground ? They want to catch the last goal-post !
Most Republicans are still voting for Trump. Can I be banned for this, since it's actually not a joke?
Picking a Xmas gift for your wife is hard, so I've decided to deplete our bank account, fake my own death & move to Thailand She'll love it
what did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire? ""see you next month!""
what's the best part of living in Sweden? Well, the flags a big plus. edit: FUCK meant Switzerland
My girlfriend doesn't know this, but I put a dollar in an envelope every time we have sex. That's all I'm spending on her for Christmas. So far, she's only getting a McChicken.
Let's Play Horse I'll be the front end and you be yourself.
I hate killing bugs so instead I spend hours trying to get it in a cup so I can toss it outside after accidentally taking off 3 of its legs.
What do you get when you cross a lake with a deflating raft? Halfway.
[3 days into dieting] *sees ad for burger & fries* *drowns in his own saliva*
My beard has grown so much. It's time to ... shampoo.
I hate Mexican jokes... They always cross the line.
What do you get when you eat all the potatoes? [They're all gone.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzwDgz053PI)
Sex. Yes, it's a short joke.
My friends and I are having a body-part pun contest. The game is afoot!
While they're a lot of fun on Halloween, did you know most jack-o'-lanterns end up at the pound? Please. Next year, carve a puppy.
911: What is your emergency. M: I need to report a home invasion. This woman looks like my mother in law but she's smiling. Please hurry.
Do women who complain about never getting laid know about men?
What do you call a muscular Arab? Protein sheikh
Last Night my Fiance asked me to tell her something sweet Me "" Hey I'm never gonna give you up... never gonna let you down..."" Her ""That's it the engagement is off. Goodnight.""
What's the best time to go to a dentist? Two thirty
[commercial for soup] NARRATOR: ever wanna drink a sandwich?
How many feet are in a yard? 4 if you have a dog.
How do you poison a hipster? Gluten
After being an atheist for so long, I am now a catholic. Idk. I just really like cats
A rude answer to when someone tells you they want something that isnt going to happen. Want in one hand and shit in the other one, then tell me which one fills up first.
Three musical notes, A, C and E walk into a bar. .. The bartender says, ""I'm sorry but I'm not allowed to serve a minor. ""
A man was arrested for having sex with a virgin He was charged with breaking and entering.
How does Porkins get into his star fighter? He has to wedge himself in.
The woman seated next to me wanted to know if San Francisco is near the water. I replied, ""What's water?"" so she wouldn't feel stupid.
What did one John say to the other John? ""What's the matter? You look flushed!""
How are sex and pizza similar? If you get it from someone in a Chuck E. Cheese's it's never very good.
I love getting Halloween candy... It makes me Snicker(s).
Somebody just told me they were bad but they didn't say ""cha'mone"" afterward so haha cmon guy how bad can you be
What fish is best to have in a boat? A Sailfish.
God, grant me serenity to accept that people are ignorant, courage to uphold the law when I'm hostile & wisdom to realize murder is illegal.
Chuck Norris once shot down a German fighter plane with his finger, by yelling, ""Bang!""
I asked the Riddler if I could be the host of his next party. He said, ""Be my guest.""
So I found a Chinese pet carer... He said he would wok my dog for me
My new fragrance is called Failure and smells roughly like a bowling alley.
If you're attacked by a mob of clowns, what should you go for? The juggler
Two guys walking down the street... ...notice a dog licking his balls. The first guy say ""Man, I wish I could do that."" Second guy says ""You should probably just pet him first.""
I know it's just bad luck that what I post never reaches the front page. After all, I've definitely seen it there before.
It's very easy to clean yourself to the tune of ""Uptown Funk"". Don't believe me? Just wash.
""You can't have your cake and eat it too"" People that don't know how cake works.
Warning: This movie may contain nudity. Either it does or it doesn't, don't waste my time.
A man walks into a zoo The only animal in the entire zoo is a dog. It's a shitzhu.
Do you want to know what Jon Snow and yo momma have in common? They both can be stabbed multiple times and not die...
'You look fat' is both an ice-breaker and a bone-breaker
What do you get when you enter a cow into the Kentucky Derby? Milk and Bookies.
Hillary Clinton is sick according to doctors... I pneu it all along.
Net flips and krill? - killer whale text
""I need a timing belt & power steering for my life"" I say to my new bros, using the only 2 car-terms I know in a single testosterone bullet.
If this tweet gets 5 retweets, I will threaten a public official on Facebook.
My life would be so much easier if i wasn't intelligent enough to realize how fucking stupid some people are.
What's up with these strippers not taking my singles??? They must not like Kraft
On the tombstones of Buddhists, it's always 'RIP'. I always thought it was 'BRB'
I just watched Harry Potter for the first time and it was a little unrealistic I mean, a ginger with two friends?
Price of 2x4's : 9$. Price of some nails: 3.50$. Price of a hammer:15$ The world after a Crucifixion: Christless.
I like musical dramas. They really strike a chord with me.
""I caught a twenty pound salmon last week.""  ""Were there any witnesses?"" ""There sure were. If there hadn't been it would have been forty pounds.""
""honey don't you think you're treating one of our kids unfairly?"" ""who? Tim, Felix or the fat one?""
What do you call a good looking girl in Wisconsin? A Tourist!
[tv interview] did you get upset? ""that *beep* lied to me, she can go *beep* herself"" don't do that. just curse and we will add the beeps
first you light 100 candles, then you fall asleep. this 'burn your house down' spell works every time
You had me at 'I've had 8 vodkas & I hate my boyfriend'
Maybe I misheard him... But I think God just told me to start building a really big goat.
What do you call a giant squid who runs a tow service in Indonesia? A Kraken-towa!
What's the difference between tired and exhausted? When you run in front of a car you get tired. When you run behind a car you get exhausted.
What did pirate say when he turned 80? AYE MATEY
Why do trees shed their leaves in fall? Because they've had their chloro-fill.
Independence Day was basically aliens blew shit up and then we gave them a copy of Windows and won the war.
Yesterday Bill Clinton called Hillary, ""the ablest person I've ever worked with."" Well, I can see why he's a hit with the ladies.
Harambe walks into a bar. Bartender: What will you be having to drink? Harambe: I'll have just ice. Bartender: Just ice? Me: Yes, justice for Harambe.
What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi? Dubai doesn't like the Flinstones but Abu Dhabi do
""Going to a job interview? Wear a beret..."" ""A beret?"" ""Yeah. They've been statistically proven to help you get a job by a million percent."" ""Right...and who did this study?"" ""....France.""
I just saw a baby wearing a shirt saying: ""Santa doesn't exist, but that's ok, cause I can't read.""
Some people doubt my memory But I can remember last year as if it were yesterday.
""Black Lives Don't Matter" Said the nihilist.
Why is my girlfriend like a deep fat fryer? They're both dangerously hot and belong in the kitchen.
Q: What kind of snake is good at math? A: An adder.
What do they call soda in Rome? Pope.
My favorite oxymorons: 1. Jumbo shrimp. 2. Act natural. 3. Boneless ribs. 4. Civil war. 5. Freezer burn. 6. Adult male. 7. Happy marriage.
Why does the dog go to the gym? He wants to get ruff
Saying ""unwanted houseguests"" is redundant. I just call them houseguests.
Judge: ""Micky, I can't grant you a divorce from Minnie Mouse, because she is not crazy"" ""I didn't say she was crazy Judge, I said she was fucking Goofy""
*batman voice* Alfred, my bat-wang is stuck in my bat-zipper. Bat-help.
Nicholson: You want answers?! Cruise: I want the truth!! Nicholson: YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH! Cruise: mmk... how bout a little hint?
Did you hear about the gay midget? he just came out of the cabinet.
Why did the contraceptive fly across the room? It got pissed off. . (I'll get my coat...)
What do you call a man with no arms, no legs, and is on fire? Bernie.
What do you call a girl who's sitting in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
wh is bhdiffrnece bet?wen corn it's the method
The first rule of tautology club... Is the first rule of tautology club.
What do a racist and an apple have in common? They both look good hanging from a tree
I wonder what its like to fart in zero gravity. Does it like...propel you forward? These are things I think people need to know, NASA.
Why did Bowie die? I guess he was shot through the heart
Army Jokes by Major Laugh
If Jesus could walk on water and cucumbers are 96% water and I can walk on cucumbers does that mean the other 4% accounts for Jesus's dick?
I'm the only stalker I know with OCD. After I break in to watch you sleep, I fold your laundry.
I was going to tell an addition joke... ...but I forgot sum of it
If Billy Mays were a farmer... And he ran a really good corn maze during the spring, it would be called the ""Amazing May Mays Maize Maze.""
Told by the driver of the bus we were on Driver: so you hear president obama is in the hospital right? Us: no we didnt Driver: he cant stop putin
""Congratulations on the baby! Childbirth is so beautiful!"" - Someone who has clearly never witnessed the birth of a child.
When you die your voice gets added to the Big Bang Theory laugh track.
[typing] Me: Is it DISCREET or DISCRETE? Wife: 2nd. Me: Is ""polyamorous"" hyphenated? Wife: No. Why? Me: It's for work. When's your flight?
A Women Asked ""What Is The Best Way To Avoid Clickbait?""
coining ""twoosh"", a contraction of tweet-swoosh. It's when your tweet hits exactly 140 characters sans editing. Nothing but net.
mom: brush your teeth and put on your pajamas me: mom i'm a grown man. i don't need u telling me how to get ready for story time.
*puts up baby gates all around the outside of my house* There. That should keep 'em out.
""Um guys wait seriously you guys I feel like we should be going the other way they're shooting at us? Um guys?!"" --horses going into battle
Everyone is wondering if Biden will jump into the 2016 race He's just Biden his time.
SON: Mom, Grandma is so annoying, I wish she will just die. MOTHER: Idiot, it's your mother that will die, not mine.
Two Irishmen are looking for a job. They come across a sign, that reads, ""Tree Fellers"". Pat and Murphy look at each other and exclaim, ""If only Seamus was here, we would've had the job!""
I want to die the same way I was born. Naked, screaming, and covered in blood.
A band player accidentally broke his instrument. He got in a lot of treble. Edit:That pun didn't end on a good note.
What is a horse's favourite wine? Equine.
Wanted to be a Karmania?! it is so much easy to have comment karmas than having 1 simple link karma
(Q)..... What do you do if an elephant comes through your window? (A)..... Swim.
Sure my mom birthed & raised me, but I've had to explain how to check her email 95,000 times, so let's just call it even.
Why did the pasta chef take his car into the body shop? Cause it got al dente'd up!
Don't judge men by their wealth or appearance, judge them by their characters. All 140 of them.
Why did the bear eat his own arms? They were made of honey.
I just did absolutely nothing for this Klondike Bar.
Some people have trouble sleeping... ...but I can do it with my eyes closed...
My favorite knock knock joke Knock Knock Who's there I eat mop I eat mop who. Say it out loud.
A neutron walks into a store Neutron : ""How much is this pack of gum"" Store Clerk : ""For you it's no charge""
A homeless guy just gave me some change. Note to self: When in public, wear pants.
My favorite part of church is when they pass around free money.
what kind of pants does the godfather wear? al pa-chinos
My relationship is like 2 Girls 1 Cup It started off beautifully but got shitty real quick.
Whenever teachers say 'show your work', just write a bunch of numbers down and hope they're tired that night.
Watching my dad try to scroll through pictures on my phone is like watching someone trying to pet a bubble.
What did the Priest say to the Church of Vegetables? Lettuce pray.
[Date] Him: I don't trust myself around you Her(flirtatiously): Oh, stop Him: I bought an iPad on your credit card when you went to bathroom
I imagine when you get to heaven they give you a box with all the sodas and snacks that vending machines cheated you out of your whole life.
What's the difference between a cat and a comma? One has claws at the end of its paws and one is a pause at the end of a clause
How did the detective solve his cold-case? He put it in a conviction-oven.
How do you make a baby politician cry? How do you make a baby politician cry. Take away his slush-y fund.
Whats worse, being a vegan inmate or non vegan? Or non vegan inmate* Depends on whether you want to eat meat or toss salad.
She wears short skirts I eat pizza She's cheer captain And I'm still eating pizza
Here we go, funniest joke I know... So a man wins a divorce settlement.
When should you feed milk to a baby elephant  ? When it's a baby elephant !
Hillary Clinton Style Condoms! *Rigged for her pleasure*
Which fraternity was George Lucas in during College? Psi Phi.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? About half-way. Wokka wokka!
My parents are both bisexual, but I never really felt loved or wanted around the house. I guess I am a bit of a by-product.
Judge: You're sentenced to death. You'll be hung. Wife from the back: HE'S ALREADY HUNG. Me: Your Honor uncuff me so I can high five my wife
Volkswagen announces it will open a facility in Israel to make a new advanced vehicle... The new models are are so advanced not only will they stop on a dime, they'll actually pick it up.
Did you hear about the cowboy who wore paper trousers, paper shirts and a paper hat... He was arrested for rustling.
What do a wicked stepmother and a gag reflex have in common? They both keep you from getting to the ball!
5 Years ago today I asked a beautiful girl out on a date. Today at 3pm I asked that same girl to marry me. Both times she said no
A women can only run as fast as her boobs will allow her.
You know you're getting old when you sound like a women's tennis match just trying to get out of bed.
Men are three times more likely to successfully commit suicide than women. We get the shit done right.
[baby throws up all over the couch] Cmon dude, I let you live here for free
""I felt a hair in my mouth but I pulled out a strand of colorful scarves. I knew then."" -David Copperfield's unauthorized bio I'm writing
Why was the butcher fired? Because he was caught *beating his meat*!
The hurt I feel when someone leaves the bus seat next to mine for a newly empty one is almost exactly equal to my annoyance when they don't.
You eat what? Knock knock Who's there? I eat mop. I eat mop who!
What do you call a 6 feet tall circle that recently got his diploma from college? A Graduated cylinder.
How many mangoes make a dozen? Six girls 
Funny clown joke You know why cannibals don't eat clowns? They taste funny.
My neighbors headboard kept me up last night so I yelled" the guy last night made her scream louder."" Then it got quiet..
How do you make a whore moan? With peptides... Sicko..
Damn girl are you a humpback whale? Because you're very deep.
My blind friend complained I was putting things in his way... He'll get over it.
girlfriend: we need to talk me: ok what's up girlfriend: I'm pregnant me: OH AND I SUPPOSE THAT'S MY FAULT TOO
what travels around the world but stays in one corner? postage stamp
I asked my wife for an audio book and she got me an encyclopaedia. That speaks volumes.
What does the narcissistic cow say? Moooo! Cuz it's a cow
What do you call a dehydrated frenchman? Pierre
How many police officers does it take to screw in a light bulb None, they just beat the room for being black.
How many Norwegians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 7
What do you call an road construction aardvark? A tarredvark!
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off 
When I was a child, my father would always tell me, ""The sky's the limit!"" He was never supportive of my dreams to become an astronaut.
Text me once, shame on you. Text me twice, congratulations, we are now trapped in an infinite emotional prison.
I hope my husband never gets Alzheimer's but if he does, I imagine my favorite part will be saying ""I gave you one yesterday.""
The person who took my sneakers while I was on the jumpy castle at McDonald's Please grow up.
My favorite pastime is roasting marshmallows over the bridges I burn.
HOLY SHIT I JUST CORRECTLY GUESSED A WIFI PASSWORD AM I JESUS?
A cannibal went for a walk... ...and he passed his brother
You know what really makes my day? The rotation of the earth
FRIEND: do u want to hang out this weekend ME: generic excuse FRIEND: did u just say ""generic excuse""
How do you catch a unique bird ? Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bird ? Tame way unique up on it.
Who is tall, orange-skinned, blatantly racist, should not be a politician, and makes everyone groan whenever he appears on TV? Jar Jar Binks
Recreational drugs? No thanks, I went pro years ago.
Reddit is like my ex. The biggest time waster ever.
Tips African country M'lawi
Everyone's inner douche comes out when naming their wifi network.
Rise and shine to all the beautiful women of the world. Ugly women, don't get greedy, go back to sleep, your time is coming, at night.
Did You Hear About the Man who was Arrested for Possessing NaCl and an Electrical Source? He was arrested for a salt and battery!
All that Felix proved Sunday was that Red bull does not give you wings... You must use a parachute
What's the difference between a nun on her knees and a nun in the bath? One has hope in their soul, the other has soap in their hole
First Cannibal: ""Have you seen the  dentist?"" Second Cannibal: ""Yes he filled my teeth at dinner time.""
How did the lion lose at poker? He was playing with a cheetah.
Waiter: Ready to order? Me: Yes, what goes well with an overbearing sis-in-law with delusions of grandeur? W: ... M: ... W: ... M: Whiskey.
Made a typo writing this report and stumbled on the worst joke. Database Administrator: I love my database so much, you could say she's my databae.
Did you hear Peter Dinklage got pickpocketed? Who would stoop that low?
My son also calls crystal meth, ""Cwistal Math""! A-dorable! 
Congrats to #LeonardoDiCaprio on his first Best Actor Oscar. You can stop sacrificing goats now.
I never miss my girlfriend... I can hit her every time.
How did Spartacus feel about going down on his wife? He was gladiator
What did one ocean say to the other ocean... nothing it just waved *i am not original just funny
Last night while texting and driving i ran over a kid on his bike I know it's terrible but we all do stupid shit when we're drunk.
""SIRI, WHERE'S THE REMOTE?"" -- ""SIRI, BRING ME A BEER!"" -- ""SIRI, WHERE'S MY DINNER?"" -- Wife: ""She's either deaf, or had sex with you too.""
That's the difference between tech support and a mass shooter? One is a troubleshooter, while the other is a troubled shooter.
What does a buff zombie want? Gaaaaaaaiiiinnnnnnnnnssssss.
Dear People of The World, I don't mean to sound slutty but use me whenever you want. Sincerely, Proper Grammar.
What do you call a man with just a nose? No body nose man. Hue hue hue.
How many Police Officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? I don't know, they were too busy beating up the room for being black.
if you're having a bad day, remember, there are people out there who have their ex's name tattooed on themselves.
World's shortest resign letter. Dear Sir, Waak! thuu. Thank You.
Why don't men have mid-life crises? They stay stuck in adolescence. 
How to Talk to Women Who Are Inside an MRI Tube
There's no point in using a big word, when an infinitesimally diminutive one will do.
What's the difference between you and an egg? An egg gets laid.
My mom said that if I don't get off my computer and do my homework she'll slam my head on the keyboard, but I think she's jokinfjreoiwjrtwe4to8rkljreun8f4ny84c8y4t58lym4wthylmhawt4mylt4amlathnatyn
Spending half of the movie wondering where the fuck did I see this actor before...
what's about 5 inches long and hasn't been inside another man in almost 2 weeks? Cory Monteith's heroin syringe
Why couldn't stevie wonder drive the bus? There's no steering wheel in the back of the bus.
How does an elephant get down from a tree ? He sits on a leaf and waits till autumn !
What is large, grey and sings great jazz songs? Elephants Gerald
Did you know the host of the Discovery Channel's show Dirty Jobs has 2 degrees? In Mike Rowe Economics and Mike Rowe Biology.
I want to go to Gordon Ramsey's restaurant, throw a plate of risotto against the wall, and say ""Whoever made this is a fucking donkey!""
Answering Machines ""I'm only here in spirit at the moment, but if you'll leave your name and number, I will get back to you as soon as I'm here in person.""
My son ask me dad why don't I have a mom because she was shocked when I presented you too her and told her here's are new son
God *up on a chair, shrieking*: GET IT GET IT Mrs God: You know they're more afraid of you than you are of them *gently sweeps man outside*
My first sex was like 100m dash... ... with 8 black men and a gun.
""Why did you leave your last job?"" -I had a typo in a tweet. ""Mistakes happen!"" -I worked for Yahoo Finance. ""Thanks for coming in. Bye""
Did you know that God is rich? Yeah, back in Israel he made a prophet.
Knock Knock Who's there? Europe Europe who? No you're a poo!
I'm reading a book about sufferers of tourettes syndrome... I want to know what makes them tic.
Mexican and Black jokes are all the same... You've seen Juan, you've seen Jamal.
I put out a Want ad for a psychic... It said, ""You know when and where to show up. Don't be late.""
Naked and Afraid, but it's just me staring down a spider in the shower.
Why are commercial flights always cheaper for vultures? All their luggage is carrion.
CAFFEINE-FREE DIET COKE: BECAUSE YOU LOVE CARAMEL COLOR
Whodunnit ? by Ivor Clew
There are 10 types of people in this world... Those who understand binary, those who don't, and those who didn't expect this joke to be in base 3.
On a scale of 0-1... How much do you love binary?
My nights 50% sleeping 50% avoiding getting up to pee
Why don't Pirates get invited to Birthday parties? Because they always steal doubloons
[OC] What does a blind pessimist say? ""What glass?""
My girlfriend got gang raped by a group of mimes... They did unspeakable things to her.
Caspar: I was the teacher's pet last year. Jaspar: Why was that? Caspar: She couldn't afford a dog.
Ever since those 2 weeks in 2008 when no one noticed I was missing, I won't go into a corn maze without a machete.
What do you get if you cross a cow with a spaniel  a poodle and a rooster? A cockerpoodlemoo!
What kind of fish will help you hear better ?  A herring aid !
What is black and stuck to the ceiling? A crappy electrician
Redneck word of the day Rectum Ex. I had two good four wheelers but then I rectum.
Two guys walk into a bar. Which was dumb, because the second one should have ducked!
Why did the meteorologist bring a bar of soap to work? He was expecting showers.
Why does Sean Connery have no money and a beard? Because he's no good at shaving.
What happened to the man who sent a group of crows to the insane asylum? He went to jail because he commit a murder.
My girlfriend is a porn star. She'll be mad when she finds out.
What do call it when actor Charles Dance tries to flirt? Dance moves.
If you're head of the CIA and can't hide an extramarital affair it means it can't be done. Case closed, fellas.
China has a new mid-range rocket called the 'Dong Feng'... ...there is another rocket under development called the 'Pon.'
""Avocado Kedavra"" -Harry Potter before tuning his enemies into guacamole
It's too beautiful to stay inside today. That's why I moved my bed closer to the window.
Why is it never safe to tell a joke about corn? A corn has ears.
Chop, chop! - Chop, chop! - Who's there? - Han. - Han who? - Hannibal.
What do you call baby ents that are going to war? The infantree.
The last thing I remember was my Mom telling me to ""Take Care"". I did, and now Liam Neeson is chasing me.
(Pickup line) Are you a test-tube baby? Because you're perfect.
How do you help a lemon? Lemon-aid.
Hey nice try, people named Tristan. Or I should say Stan Stan Stan.
Remember, if we get caught, you are deaf and I speak no English.
What do they say for jokes about German sausages? They are the wurst.
I think all dads are in a secret competition to see who can sneeze the loudest.
You think you have your anger issues under control until someone starts telling an important story while they're chewing
And yet, despite the look on my face, you're still talking.
There's a great horse joke I'd like to trot out... But it's lame :(
I've recently admitted to being a masochist. The realization has been painful, but I like it.
I went to a club and they played ""The Twist"", I did the twist. They played ""Jump"", I jumped. They played ""Come on Eileen""...I got kicked out for that one.
What do you call a psychic midget that just escaped from prison? A small medium at large.
What do you call an alien starship that drips  water? A crying saucer.
They say Ronda Rousey isn't much of a wrestler... But you'll be amazed when you see her box.
If animals took over the world, what would be they're first decree? O'LAMACARE!!!!!
Why did no one like the Eskimo accountant? Because he was cold and calculating.
My ex-girlfriends all did me dirty like the first 25% of a Netflix loading screen. I was repeatedly tricked into thinking there was a connection
Q: How many Virgos does it take to change a  lightbulb? A: Virgos don't have time to change their own lightbulbs.  They're too busy changing them for everyone else.
Q: How many republicans does it take to disarm the law abiding public so that the government can enforce totalitarianistic and unconstitutional laws? A: None. The Sociali--Democrats do that
Fish Joke of the Day I want to krill myself.
Did you hear that someone put a hole in the fence at the nudist beach? Don't worry, the police are looking into it.
I recently bought a spinning chair... My girlfriend was super pissed about my purchase. Until I let her sit on it. I guess you could say she... *came around*.
So my freind told me he works at a music store. Sounds fun
Facts and science no longer matter. Remember the Renaissance? This era is the opposite of that.
Why do no communists drink Earl Grey tea? Because all proper tea is theft.
Thanks honey for rolling over at 3am and telling me I should get some sleep.In my insomnia stupor that hadn't crossed my mind.
""You're prettier than I remember, you were SO FAT the last time I saw you!"" TY Uncle Bob, I was 8months pregnant. *spits in his pumpkin pie
My wife said she wants a divorce for valentines day. I wasn't planning to spend that much..
What did the nihilistic sea world trainer say to his boss? ""There is no porpoise.""
""I can't wait to bore my friends with this."" Dude filming concert on his phone.
a great joke to tell on the phone What has a little dick and hangs down? a bat! now what has a big dick and hangs up? *click*.
Sleep is always the answer. Upset? Go to sleep. Not feeling well? Go to sleep. Already asleep? Stop making excuses and go to sleep harder.
A Roman walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says ""Five drinks please!""
GB: Brexit was the dumbest thing in the last years! USA: hold my drink!
TIL Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90 per cent TL
I'll never know if those cookies will give me super powers or not unless I eat some.
If a Church Congregation from Massachusetts goes on a Bus Ride It would be Mass Mass Mass Transit
How do you circumcise a hillbilly? Kick his sister in the chin...
Why do we call it toilet paper? Does anyone wipe their toilet with it?
I walked in on the janitor using the women's washroom. I asked him what he was doing in there. He said ""The men's washroom is filthy.""
Heading to a pumpkin patch with a cheeseburger. When pumpkins see me eating meat, they let their guard down. They never see it coming.
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful
What's the difference between swine flu and bird flu? For swine flu you need ""Oinkment"", for bird flu you need ""Tweetment"".
Everyone is saying 9/11 was a joke, it wasn't. It's a social experiment.
Ur hot plz marry me. *no reply* OH MY GOSH SORRY FOR THE POCKET TEXT LMAO
I wouldn't say I ""missed"" your call.
What's a redditor who makes pirate jokes' favorite letters? It could be R and the C, but they definitely aren't OC.
If a quiz is quizzical, what is a test?
People who text back instantly. Keep it up, I like that sh1t.
Q5: How do you ask a dinosaur to lunch? A: Tea Rex?
Did you hear about the gangster panda? It eats shoots and leaves.
By the time my father was my age he had amassed, like, 30 coffee cans full of screws. I have none. What have I done with my life?
A Mexican magician says... ...that he'll disappear on the count of three. ""Uno... dos..."" **POOF!!** He disappeared without a tres.
Yo mama so dumb she tried to minimize a 9 variable function to a sum of products wit a karnaugh map instead of the Quine-McCluskey Algorithm
Facebook is in a relationship with the stock market and it's complicated.
Daughter: Daddy, can you tell me a bedtime story? Me: Sure, once upon a time your mom & I used to get enough sleep. Then you came. The end.
On my way home from work today I was listening to Placebo.. I thought I was listening to something else, but obviously I was the control group.
Roses are red.. I'm in debt.
What's the difference between Batman and Martin Brodeur? Batman isn't wearing hockey pads.
What do you get when you cross a valley girl and a goth? Oh macabre! (say it out loud with a really annoying white girl voice)
Two guys are talking: (1) - I've bought a tour to my mother-in-law. (2) - Your mother-in-law???!!! (1) - Why not to Bagdad.
My grandma got me a gift card to Walmart for my birthday. She told me not to spend it all in one place.
I lost my phone and it's on silent. Man! I should've listened to Beyonce.
Whats the difference between a catholic priest and acne? The priest doesn't wait for you to hit puberty to come on your face.
Its not gay if its a three way The two other guys promised.
Why does the homeless man only drink coffee? He had no proper tea..
What do you do, if you come across a tiger in the jungle? Wipe it off and apologise.
I don't think Twitter's real. I think I'm in a mall in 1987 listening to ""I Think We're Alone Now"" & my mind invented Twitter to protect me.
You might be a redneck What'a the last thing that goes through a bugs mind as he hits a windshield? His asshole....
Crueless joke Women always call me ugly until they find out how much money I make. Then they call me ugly and poor.
Guy talking to a girl Guy: I have a joke about my penis. Ah... forget get, it's too long. Girl: I have a joke about my vagina. You won't get it.
I got an STD from a hipster. My doctor said he's never heard of it.
You know what else is fun? Playing dead when your husband receives the credit card bill...
How did Darth Vader know what Leah got Luke for Christmas? He felt his presents.
A 75 year old rich man marries a 20-yo beautiful woman... And a friend of his comes to ask how did he manage to pull that off. ""I told her I was 90"".
I like my women how I like my wine... ...Locked down in the basement
How do you tell the difference between a Syrian hospital and an ISIS military base? I don't know either, Johnny, just fly the drone.
What happened when the communists took over the airport? The planes kept Stalin.
Ladies: Is your boyfriend the strong, silent type? Is he carved out of wood? Ladies, you may be dating a garden gnome.
Julie: What time is it? Counsellor: Three o'clock. Julie: Ohno! Counsellor: What's the matter? Julie: I've been asking the time all day. And everybody gives me a different answer!
Waiter: Why didn't you make all the food on  that long order? Cook: Because I'm a short order cook.
Why could the witch never get the enchantments right? She forgot to use Spell Check.
What's a bad way to stop a pedophile? Tell him to think of the children.
""Remember that man you met for 5 seconds when you were 2 months old? Let me catch you up on his medical history"" -my relatives
Did you hear Vaseline is coming out with new labels for its petroleum jelly? They're going to have a picture of missing gerbils on it.
Having a good friend is just like peeing your pants. Everybody can see it but only you feel that warm sensation of happiness.
I love therapy sessions because I get to cry for an hour. It usually freaks out my patient, though
My high-school wrestling coach called me ""the raccoon"" cause I was small but feisty and ate garbage and gave people lyme disease
I've been looking for the lid for this Tupperware container and somehow I'm now three weeks late for work.
Legal tip for men: if you get a free t shirt at a bar, you're not required to keep it forever, like they can't arrest you if u throw it out.
What did one testicle say to the other testicle ago was aggravating him? You're being very teste
Once evolution gets around to it, it's going to be an awkward few months for the first dude born without nipples.
It's kinda sad that Shakira's hips are our generation's George Washington.
Oh man what's it called when you keep doing the same thing over & over but keep getting the same result? Oh yeah, I'm a serial killer.
What is a Mexican weather report? Chilli today hot tamale.
What was Han Solo's reaction to being taken to the carbon-freezing chamber? He was petrified.
There once was a man from Nantucket... Whose dick was so long he could suck it. He said with a grin, As he wiped off his chin: ""If my ear was a cunt I would fuck it.""
My dad said the key to a good marriage is ""never go to bed mad."" Then he said ""In fact, never go to bed at all!"" and handed me a bag of meth
A flat earth conspiracist was boasting about how many people believe that the Earth is flat... He said, ""We have supporters all around the globe!!!""
[GoT Spoiler] Olly really wanted to know how.. Jon came back from the dead, but instead, Jon just left him hanging.
What is the difference between a pile of dead babies and a convertable? I keep one in my garage and one in my closet. Edit:typo.
What do you call an Ethiopian taking a shit? A show off
Honeymooners (II) Her friend asked how the honeymoon went. ""OK" she said. ""Though Niagara Falls wasn't as big as I hoped, either.""
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate the headphone jack.
An egg and a sausage are frying in a pan... An egg and a sausage are frying in a pan. The egg turns to the sausage and says, ""It's getting hot in here!"", and the sausage replies ""Wow! A talking egg!""
If you get a new job before you quit your old one, it's considered responsible. But if you do that with your gf, it's called ""cheating.""
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes? Nothing. She's already been told twice.
How are women like KFC? After your done munching on the breasts and thighs, you have a nice greasy box to put your bone in
[NSFW] Warning Explicit Content This form is explicit. y=x^2
The bartender says..... ""We don't serve faster-than-light particles here!"" A tachyon enters a bar.
Shoutout to sidewalks for keeping me off the streets.
[Sees cute barista] I'll have a quickie. Barista: Sir, it's called an espresso.
Not sure yet why this cookie dough has baking instructions on the package.
What should you NOT name your pet chicken? Robin, else he'll be robin the cock
Police always seem disappointed when they realise those bits of foil on the floor of my car are just old chocolate wrappers not drugs.
What do you get when you mash up an avagadro? Guacamole.
I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to, too! Hey Reddit! What is your favorite Mitch Hedburg joke?
Two biologists have twins. They named one Jessica, and named the other Control.
what do you call sodium chloride crossed with a poisonous writing utensil from out the sea a salt with a deadly wetpen *hides*
Cop: Tell us what you know! Me: Penguins are monogamous creatures with noted cases of bisexuality Cop: *typing up his science report*
I'm not an olympic sprinter, I just run like one when my ex wants to talk.
Me: *goes to jail for murdering coworkers* Boss: You're still coming in early tomorrow, right?
Why did the chicken cross the road? It was actually a double cross. He had to cross the road in order to gain the trust of the other side.
Bill Clinton is so getting laid tonight. Hillary is in Indonesia.
How do you spell Canada? C-Eh?-N-Eh?-D-Eh?
What do you get if you cross the Internet with a currant bread? Spotted click
What do you call a Burberry Style Transforming Truck? Optimush Prime... Hahaaa.
definitions of twerk 1. to dance and gyrate in a sexually explicit manner 2. what a native of Brooklyn New York says where he goes in the morning
[on date] HER: I cant see u anymore ME (hiding under table): lol I know H: no I mean I cant see u anymore M (still under table): lol I know
The youngest daughter of a cannibalistic family was late to dinner She got the cold shoulder
Who earns a living driving their customers away? A taxi driver
Electing Trump would really strengthen our dollar Sincerely, Canada
A man with multiple-personality disorder walked into a bar. No he didn't.
Careful...I've already had our entire fight in my head and it doesn't end well for you.
PILLOW: Hey, your anniversary is today, go buy her some flowers ME: Wow, thank God for memory foam
I was an unpopular child I got beat up a lot at school, but even though my teachers couldn't stop the beatings, they did give me a gym credit for them.
Fun prank: Just leave random ""I'm sorry I hit your car"" notes on people's cars and watch them look for a non existent dent.
[drinks milk from carton] WHY AREN'T YOU USING A GLASS?!? ""I went to the eye doctor"" What does that mean? ""He said I don't need glasses""
My first time having sex was just like my first time riding a bike My dad was holding me from behind.
Why won't alligators attack lawyers? Professional courtesy
""Son, if you keep masturbating like that you're going to go blind!"" Dad, I'm over here.
How do Spaniards take their coffee? Au lait.
What did the boy buy at the grocery store? Too Bad, I'm not telling you!
I got fired from the calendar factory... just for taking a couple of days off
I didn't know what to wear to my premature ejaculation support meeting... So I just came in my pants.
Doctors and scientists agree on the benefits of an afternoon nap, yet still my boss thinks he knows better. Ridiculous.
A nihilist was robbed at gunpoint. Nothing of value was stolen.
Has anyone ever told you what it's like to be royally screwed? Let me fill you in.
I got a call from Egypt today. They tried to get me involved in a pyramid scheme. (Credit to my wife for this one)
What do you call a Mexican woman with no legs? Consuelo Pronounced - Cunts-way-low
There are 2 types of people in the world The ones who can count.
Did you hear about the woman who replaced her addiction to ornithology with alcohol? She was described as being off her tits.
I bet you want to hear a ghost joke right? Thats the spirit.
Q: How do you know if a blonde has been sending e-mail? A: You see a bunch of envelopes stuffed into the disk drive.
What has two legs and is covered in blood? Half a dog.
I hate it when candidates put signs on your lawn without even asking your permission. Who the hell is 'Foreclosure'?
HER: What's your cell plan? ME: Bodily decay over decades until inevitable mortal collapse. You? HER: ... ME: ... HER: ... V-Verizon.
Yo mama so poor she was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags. I said ""What ya doin'?"" She said ""Buying luggage.""
An ex girlfriend is like a box of chocolates... ...they'll both kill your dog
Only 5 days until Facebook is stacked with return to the gym statuses and pictures of salads.
How many drunks does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one. He holds the bulb and the room spins.
Responded to a ""you up"" text at 3AM with ""Let me play with your teeth."" The reply ten minutes later: ""no."" This is already my favorite year.
My son walks in on me masturbating. He asks me what am i doing. I say, don't worry son you will be doing it soon. Why dad? he asks. Because my arm is getting tired
*has no girlfriend or kids* *gives out dating and parenting advice*
I would absolutely slay the dating game if looks and personality didn't matter
Spatula would be a pretty name for a girl. A girl who spreads easily.
According to my current parking spot I'm a physician
When a man speaks in the forest and there is no wife to hear... is he still wrong?
Woman:""Is that a gun in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?"" Man: ""Either way love, we'll be having sex in a minute""
Why can't gingers run? Because they have no soles
HOW DO WELSH PEOPLE EAT CHEESE? CAERPHILLY
I watch zombie movies to prepare myself if one day it really happens. Same for porn.
What's the pirate's least favorite letter? Dear sir, We are writing to you because you have violated copyright...
What's the difference between St. Patrick's Day and Martin Luther King Day? Everyone pretends to be Irish on St. Paddy's Day.
I didn't see a single Olympic wrestler use the sleeper hold or figure four leg lock...
Every minivan without an honor student bumper sticker should be required to have one that says, ""My child is a disappointment.""
*spits out mouthful of peacock feathers* I'm sorry, I thought these were for just anyone to eat. *gets escorted from zoo*
I saw a black guy carrying a TV down the street the other day so I had to run back home and check that mine was still there. It's OK though, mine was still there, just sitting there shining my shoes.
Avian Oprah outside my bedroom window: ""YOU get a worm! And YOU get a worm!"" They're going nuts out there.
If there was a way to read a woman's mind...I'm still not sure I'd want too...I hate shoes, shopping, gossip & I already know I'm annoying.
I'm surprised more people didn't know about the NSA spying programs I mean most of our computers are labelled ""Intel""
I have a tip for all you lonely ladies on valentine's day.. Or you can just take the whole thing.
Q: What's a blonde's favourite wine? A: ""Daaaddy I want to go to Miaaami!""
My friend thanked me for inviting him along to Fight Club. I replied ""Don't mention it.""
What game do tornadoes like to play?  -Twister
[the followin is based on a true story] *clips of me hittin my shin on my bed every nite for a year* Narrator: its like he forgets its there
What's the best score you can get on a test? ""Not Pregnant""
Back in my day, we didn't watch TV while we ate dinner. We actually talked to each other. It was awful.
An 18 y/o boy getting a BJ from and 80 y/o woman and a tightrope walker have the same thought...What is it? Don't look down! My Dad broke this one out this morning thought I would share.
A french gymnast is getting ready to perform... His coach walks up and says, ""Break a leg!""
What do you call a flatulent teacher? A tutor
Whoever has my voodoo doll, please scratch between my butt cheeks..I'm in public
There was a black out last night. Don't worry, we got him.
What do you get when you shoot a Mexican golfer? A hole in Juan
I gave love a bad name. I called it Harold.
What do you call it when the lead singer of U2 fights with himself? Bono-y-Bono
Any time someone tells you they're ""about 20 minutes away"" they're lying. They haven't left yet.
What did Vladimir Putin say after dropping a smashing one-liner? Putout
If you're wearing sandals with pants on i just want you to know I'm the one who spit on the back of your shirt.
What's the difference between a ginger and a brick? Bricks get laid.
They've just added no stockpiling paperclips' to the employee handbook like they knew what I was planning.
Im tired of chasing people who wont chase me... from today on the ice cream man can go fuck himself.
How many judges does it take to change a light bulb? Just one
Wife: ""The two things I cook best are meatloaf and apple pie."" Husband: ""Which is this?""
Did you know Kurt Cobain's gun was named Success? It went right to his head.
Let's agree that if we're both not married in ten years we'll sew our cats together to make one big SuperCat.
What do you call a gorilla with a harpsichord? A silverbach.
Rumor has it that John Wayne's autopsy revealed 40 pounds of fecal matter lodged in his intestines But it turned out to be a lot of shit
I want an app that tells me when someone is thinking about me while having sex with someone else.
Old cows eventually make for the best glue So if Hillary Clinton becomes president, there's hope that our divided country can once again stick together.
How do you say ""whoops"" in German? World War 2
A blonde sees a another blonde across a lake and asks ""How do I get to the other side?"" the other blonde replies... ""You are on the other side"".
What kind of cake stops blowjobs? (NSFW) Weddding Cake
Some guy robbed a local gas station and stole $700 worth of cigarettes. I wonder what he'll do with both packs.
What do you call a German tampon? A twatstika.
wife: [crying] ""he always calls me weird pet names"" therapist: ""what do you mean?"" me: [arriving late] ""what's wrong my little hovercraft?""
What do you call a spinning potato? A ro-tater.
What's the best way to attract a pervert? The NSFW tag, you freak
Love means never being able to like another girl's selfie on Instagram ever again.
Tattooes turn an average man into a man to look twice at. If i see ink i know he can handle pain....and that works for me, cause I'm a pain.
What did the burglar say to the lady who caught him stealing her silver? I'm at your service ma'am.
Santa Claus came early! Mrs. Claus wasn't too happy.
The real reason Jesus died on the cross He forgot the safeword.
Text abbreviations date back to the days of the telegraph with common shorthand like DFMWOL for ""Dying From Musket Wound Out Loud.""
How much did the Cubs pay the devil to win the World Series? 2016.
How did Jim Henson die? He Kermitted suicide
How do you get a mermaid pregnant? You fuck her.
Did you hear about the midget psychic who escaped from prison? It was a small medium at large.
What you call a penis that doesn't satisfy a woman? Yours
A dog made out of diamonds is everyone's best friend.
There are two rules for success... 1. Never reveal everything that you know.
[LPT] Choose the song you hate the most as your alarm tone and place your phone as far as possible Then turn your phone off and sleep like a champion.
Women are super awesome at remembering insults but we have the memory of a goldfish with compliments and need them repeated continually.
Me: I'm in the mood for dessert *winks at wife* [2 hours later] Wife: *in lingerie, texts* WHERE R U Me: *texts* Getting ice cream. Y?
Sleeping pills? Who needs those? We've got PowerPoint.
I lost my eldest daughter to suicide. One down, two to go
Two guys walk into a bar You would think the second guy would have ducked.
What's the best thing about having sexy with twenty one year olds? There's twenty of 'em. edit: autocorrect is a bitch - we all know what it should say.
I heard the best time travel joke tomorrow.
What's the difference between a terrorist and a civilian? I don't know man, I just fly the drones.
Had to quit my job as an underwear model because the photographer kept telling me, ""I'm just a cashier"" and that I ""need to leave Macy's.""
Paddy and Murphy find a mirror. Paddy picks it up, has a look and says to Murphy "" that bloke looks really familiar "". Murphy grabs it off him "" Its me you idiot ""
What do you call a telephone call from  one vicar to another ? A parson to parson call !
The glass ceiling is dangerous. I can't believe they'd let a woman up there. (Credit to Raising Hope)
Whale joke How do you circumcise a whale? You send down four skin divers!
There's a Little House On The Prairie film in the works, in case any of you are looking to take a two-hour nap in a theatre next year.
Why did Jesus get a ticket? He tried to skip the Cross walk.
What's the similarity between a mobile phone and a clitoris? Both turn on with the touch of a finger and every cunt's got one.
Some people are looking for the meaning of life. I'm still looking for the meaning of I licky boom boom down.
CS:GO's New One-Shot Revolver http://blog.counter-strike.net/index.php/2015/12/13288/
The Mohel Did ya know that Mohels don't get paid? They only take tips.
I decided to give a name to my dinner. It was a Miss Steak.
What do men and Subway have in common? They both exaggerate the length.
How do you determine the personality of a hot dog? Give it an Oscar-Myers-Briggs test
What's brown and sticky? A stick...
I ran into your mom today. I ran into your mom earlier today, she told me she made $400.05 lastnight sucking dick. So I asked her ""Who gave you the nickel?"" She said ""They all did"".
How do you say virgin in German? Goodentite
If booze isn't the answer, then your question sucks.
""Can we have 'Punctuation Sex' tonight?"" I asked the wife. ""What do you mean, 'Punctuation Sex?"" she queried. ""It's where I put my semi in your colon ...""
Who was the first mathematician? A concave man
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, you have boobs. It's really that simple.
""As long as you append my name to a quote,... people would buy into it and take it seriously."" - Winston Churchill
Which government organization is involved with protecting Area 51? The C.I.ayy
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
I was born in the USA... ..some parts imported from China, though.
I almost died today, so naturally my first impulse was to pull my phone out and tweet about it.
Watch Forrest Gump *feel inspired *toss orthotics out, go for jog *1/2 block later, keel over and die next to shit happens bumper sticker
Why do the versions of Windows jump from 8 to 10? Because no one wanted Windows Nein!
What is the difference between Donald Trump and Bill Clinton? Ivanka didn't keep the dress
What do you call it when a fish fucks his sister? Fincest. (This joke is shitty, I know, but I couldn't resist posting it.)
Why did the Irishman put 239 beans in the soup pot? Because any more would be too farty.
So my brother is dating a mermaid. Yeah, apparently their relationship's on the rocks.
My wife gained more than 100 pounds during pregnancy, so I started walking 5 miles every day to encourage her. It's been three months and now I'm over 300 miles away from home.
Where do ghoulies go to on the day before Halloween party? To the boo-ty parlour.
I was thinking of shaving my beard But it really grew on me.
I was cutting up vegetables in the kitchen... ...and was promptly arrested
Have you heard the slogan for Charles Dickens Brand Hard Cider? There is nothing quite like a hard Dickens' Cider!
Only real 90's kids remember being called a lazy fucking millennial
Went to Lowes for a new dishwasher pretty stoked that she has a job too.
During sex it's perfectly fine to say ""yeah"", ""yes"", and ""oh yes"" but how awkward would it be if someone kept screaming  ""yep""
How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb? The light bulb was already changed a month ago the last time this was reposted
[start of interview] Me: hi sir nice to meet you *i go to shake is hand but spill his coffee everywhere* Interviewer: ...welcome to BP
All my life I've refused to wear perfume. But then an aggressive perfume-salesperson knocked some scents into me.
Him: I'm making you Produce Manager. Me: A PLUM assignment! H: ... M: You're a PEACH! H: ... M: Do I start today or TOMATO? H: You're fired.
Why was the empty penis so scary? Because it was a hollow wiener (halloweener) [works better spoken - I think - just made it up in the shower]
TEBOW FEVER!! I haven't seen this many people following a white bronco since OJ!!!!! Ba-ha-ha!!
For sale: One parachute Used once, never opened.
Lawyer: so tell me, why was my client's mouth bleeding? Dentist: he doesn't floss Me: You hit me! D: [puts lips on mic] bc you don't floss
What's the difference between a dirty bus station and a large-breasted crab? One's a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean
Parallel lines have so much in common... Its a shame they'll never meet.
What do a walrus and a zip-lock bag have in common? They're both looking for a tight seal.
How does Bob Marley like his donuts? With jammin'.
The average person loses their virginity at 17. Congratulations you are above average.
That thing your kid said wasn't funny.
If Hillary wins, I'm leaving the country. If Trump wins, I'm leaving the country. It's not like I don't like either one. I just love to travel.
What did the little acorn say when it got planted and grew up? Geometry.
Death: I've come for you. Me: That's what she said. D (bursts out laughing): You get me with that one every time! Ok, see ya.
I had to remove the battery from my carbon monoxide detector. Didn't want it waking the wife and kids.
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a light bulb? Wanna go ride bikes?
I was walking downtown, and I passed this homeless man who started shaking his cup of change at me and I was like, okay, dick, I get it, you have more money than me, don't rub it in.
People accept that God exists & created the universe without evidence or proof but if you tell them Facebook is down they immediately check.
what's 6 inches long 2 inches wide and drives a woman wild? money
How do Reavers clean their spears? They run them through the Wash :(
How do you separate the men from the boys in Greece? With a crowbar.
I burnt a lot of calories today... I set a fat kid on fire.
Would you like to hear a joke about dried grapes? It's not that good, don't go raisin your expectations.
You can count on your dog to be the first responder when anything or anyone drops to the floor.
The 7 days of my week.....Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Friday, Saturday and preMonday
I'm so lazy I bought a black Snuggie for funerals.
I swear babe, I'm a virgin, it must be a miracle. *Joseph rolls eyes
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Stegosoreass.
I got fucked by a priest 20 years ago.... ....He said ""you may now kiss the bride"".
Mirror mirror on the floor, who's the worst at home decor?
Remember not to laugh at your ex wife's choices. You were one of them.
Did I tell you I'm joining a gym in Gainesborough? Because I'm all about those gains bro
If I hear another conversation about that stupid dress... I'm going to beat them until they're white and gold.
Well, Jesus, now all Samsung's competitors have to say is ""we won't blow up in your pocket and set you ablaze!""
Did you hear the iPhone 6S Plus is selling really well? Seems like it's a big 6S
I know the real reason the Pope is resigning. He finally realized that they were never going to promote him to God.
How many skateboarders does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two. One to screw it in and one to film it. **Alternate Ending** One, but it takes him fifty tries.
HORSE: *walks into a bar* BARTENDER: Why the long face? HORSE: Updog BARTENDER: What's updog? HORSE: Not much just walking into a bar
Please, call me Seahorse. Mr. Seahorse was my mother.
Expert Archer Detected How do you know if someone's an expert archer? Put an apple on your head &amp
I call bullshit, airport baby changing station! I wanted an Asian baby but I'm stuck with the white kid I flew in with.
Everything is rightly confused.
""I couldn't love anyone like you" I told my wife. ""Aw, thanks" she blushed. I'm glad she didn't understand me.
Dude, relax. Nothing wrong with a little experimenting. You're making a brokeback mountain out of a brokeback molehill.
Cop: Do you know why I pulled you over? Me: You love me? Cop: Me: Cop: Me: Is it because I'm driving a lawnmower? Cop: Yes. Me: *floors it*
A twist on a Thanksgiving classic . . . Written by my twelve-year-old brother: Q: April showers bring May flowers. What do May flowers bring? A: Separatists and small pox.
Why did Adolf Hitler commit suicide? Artificial Intelligence.
How many alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb? ..To get to the other side!
If a blind couple breaks up... would they start hearing other people?
Joey: WHOA Blossom: So you like that? Joey: WHOA Blossom: Are you saying stop? Joey: WHOA Blossom: OK This is the worst safeword ever
Woman : All men are dogs. Me : Which breed is your dad, bitch?
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&amp
Why should you never make fun of fat people who have lisps? They're thick and tired of it
#NewSATQuestions Starbucks messed up Kate's order. Kate's white. How done is she? a.) 100% done b.) 300% done c.) SO done d.) She can't even
How can you tell if a shark has dandruff? He left his head and shoulders on the beach.
Life without bacon is meaning less... That's why we can kill the jews.
Yesterday at around 830pm a man pulled out a pair of scissors at me Luckly I had enough agility and I pulled out a rock because if I were have pulled out paper he would have won.
What does a light bulb filled with gas?
What's the difference between a clit and the mini bar in a hotel? Most men can find the mini bar in less than 3 minutes.
Priest: Kim, do you take Kanye to be your lawfully wedded husband to love and cherish? Kim: I.. *Kanye grabs mic* Kanye: She do
What's the difference between a redditor and a dead baby? The redditor never gets gold
The Braille on the drive-thru ATM actually says, ""Move to the passenger seat"".
I have a new party trick. I swallow two bits of string and an hour later they come out my arse tied together... I shit you knot!
A seal walks into a bar A seal walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a drink. The bartender asks the seal, ""What's your pleasure?"" The seal replies, ""Anything but Canadian Club.""
I used to have a terrible addiction to soap... ...but I'm clean now.
Frankly auto correct,I'm getting tired of your shirt.
Sometimes I run across a room really fast so a spider sees me out of the corner of its eye and spends the evening worrying where I've gone.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? Trump wouldn't pay $1000 to have a lentil on his face.
Always remember, that no matter how useless you think you are, you are still someone's reason to smile.
I asked a hooker to talk dirty to me in Latin. She declined.
Harry and Jerry Harry is at home and his door is locked. Jerry come in Harry says, ""Who are you and how did you get here"" Jerry says, ""I'm a locksmith and I'm a locksmith""
hate to brag but I can still fit in my Quinceanera dress
How does Hitler tie his shoes? One Jew at a time!
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Except bears, bears will kill you.
Mopeds are for men who want to ride motorcycles but prefer to feel the wind on their vaginas
Did you hear about the avon lady ? Max Factor
How do you know you're allergic to cats if you don't even eat them?
Yesterday, I told my son about the Tooth Fairy. Today, I find 33 teeth under his pillow. Clearly they are not his. I am very, very afraid.
I said to my girlfriend, ""Do you want to experiment with a role-play rape fantasy?"" She said, ""**NO!**"" I said, ""*That's the spirit!*""  Jimmy Carr
Relationships are like onions They seem harmless on the outside but once you get into it you'll cry.
What does a radical, democrat and republican have in common? They both want to make money off of other people's work!
Interviewer: Please take off your sunglasses.. Me: Nah, I'm afraid you'll see how high I am
And satan said ""let all the opinions of strangers on social media have an absurdly large effect on you"" and it was so
Why wouldn't you laugh at punch lines in a circle-jerk? You'd see them coming.
The Grim Reaper walks over to you in his Uggs, taps his Michael Kors watch and says, ""you're literally dead.""
I reached my goal of shedding 137 pounds this week It's nice being single again
What did one tampon say to the other? Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.
I've drawn a cartoon picture of Mohamed and signed it Kim Jong-un. Let's see where this goes.
If your house it hit by a dolphin, DO NOT GO OUT AND SEE IF THE DOLPHIN IS OKAY. That's how the hurricane tricks you into coming outside.
Why did the bicycle fall over? It was two-tyred. Alexa gave me that one. Bing Bang boom.
Confucius Say Women who fly plane upside down have crack up.
How many fuccbois does it take to screw in a lightbulb? idk, you dtf tho?
A man walks up to two nuns and reveals himself to them, one had a stroke... ... the other couldn't quite reach.
Met someone on Craigslist, guess I'm dating a grill now.
Buses are like pornstars... Nothing for an hour then they all cum at once.
If Ryan Gosling doesn't ask me to be his valentine, I'm moving on. This ship has sailed. This ball has sunk. This fart has flatulated.
What happens if you cross a snowman and a vampire? You get a frostbite.
18: I'm going to ask the stylist what color screams parental issues. Me: ...
Today I told my girlfriend she should really join Reddit cause... We'd be on the same page.
[turns to date during movie where bank robbers laugh & toss money around motel room] They won't be laughing when it's time to pick it all up
[Jokes] The three girls LOL FUNNY!
Why do you get ebola from a feminist? Because they don't shave, going down on them would be basically eating bushmeat.
My dad worked on the roadwork's for twenty years before he got fired for stealing! At first I didn't believe it... but when I got home all the signs were there
What do Caitlyn Jenner and my Chrysler have in common? They're both convertables.
How many ""sup dude""s does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, it's already lit fam.
I stepped on an ant hill today and realized I had probably killed a lot of innocent ants. I also killed all the ant rapists so, I'm a hero.
Life is that reality show character wearing a leopard print caftan saying ""Yer either gonna love me or hate me, I just tell it like it is""
Have you ever tried Nicaraguan food? They haven't.
What's it called when you're sucking in your stomach but it looks like you're not?
I wish I had never wished for that. ""Done. You're back to 2 wishes.""
I'm coaching my son's soccer team because it's important that he knows I'll swear at other kids, too.
Did you know that all milk has to be sterilized before use? Prepasteurous!
You never can trust atoms... Because they make up everything!
This cat poop tastes like I'm about to get yelled at. -- Dogs
I went shopping yesterday and bought myself a ring binder. I haven't been able to do a shit since...
What do you call pasta in a poor neighborhood? Spaghetto
What does a Chihuahua play basketball with? A tennis ball!
What do women and werewolves have in common? (Offensive) They both go berserk once every month.
Me: What do gay horses eat? Mom: Oh! I've heard this one, it's Haaaaaaay!"" Me: Wrong. Penises.
The gardener asked me what I wanted him to do, I told him to water the plants... He points and asks ""water these?"", I said ""nah man, *pointing* WATER THOSE"".
Do zombies go to heaven when they die? I hope so. There's lots of nice people up there to eat.
Whether you believe in evolution or not, one thing is certain... Human ancestry's pretty fishy.
Matthew Broderick just became the ""mare"" of Sarah Jessica Parker on Horsesquare.
Atoms are liers... the makeup everything
""Have you tried sleeping? Okay. And you've had enough burritos lately? Hmm. Well, this is puzzling."" - me as a doctor
-I got you a birthday present... ...but I can't give it to you until tomorrow. -What is it? -It rhymes with 'Something to get drunk with'.
How do you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber? Ask them to say the word, ""unionized"".
Flipped over my therapist's writing pad and it was just a New York Times crossword with ""shut up"" written in every blank.
Sex with an optometrist can be so tedious... ""better this way or that way? This way or that way? This way or that way? ...""
How do you make a hotdog with a tree? You fold it
I just want to be rich enough to stop giving people toilet paper for Christmas
I ordered a book on near death experiences. The anticipation almost killed me.
What kind of bug can survive all winter? A bahumbug!
What does a bull do to stay warm on a cold day? It goes into a barn and slips into a nice warm Jersey.
*Dentist's waiting room* *Trying to make conversation with other patient* So... I guess you have teeth, too?
I spilled coffee all over my Macbook... ...now it won't go to sleep.
I'm 39, If you invite me to a party that only starts after 10pm, I'm not even going to pretend I'll make it.
A guy wire is holding a pole... ...the pole is 10 meters tall, the wire makes a 48^o angle from the ground and the very tip is 7 meters from the pole. How long until the feminists arrive?
My wife and I have a new arrangement. I can sleep with any woman I want, but she doesn't speak to me or live with me anymore.
Roy Hodgson has some really important decisions to make now. Like if he wants a window or aisle seat.
Gabe Newell should be the World President He will prevent World War 3.
What did the cannibal say when he came home  and found his wife chopping up a python and a pygmy? Oh no not snake and pygmy pie again!
Bono is gonna be really pissed off when he finds out he's not Jesus.
Before you cannibalize your roommate due to cabin fever, remember that you cannot afford the rent alone. #blizzard2016
Hillary was shown a video of her flip-flopping on issues all over her career. At first, she was upset. Now she says she's ok with it.
new pet ideas: an egg with hair on, small bear, tictac size baby cats, frog with wheels
This dude is using a pay phone , I guess someone got kidnapped
((Sigh)) I would love to get a new BMW i8 It definitely will get the most gals per mile in city driving.
The only thing that bakes at room temperature. Stoners.
Did you hear about the loud tree? It had a lot of bark. It gave another tree a splitting headache. So it took some aspen.
Two's Company, Three's a Crowd
what do you get when you cross epsom with a gun a salt with a deadly weapon
What's the difference between a dog and a fox? About 8 pints.
Me and my girlfriend tried anal the other night... Me and my girlfriend tried anal the other night for the first time. didn't go so well. no idea how my ass is supposed to fit inside her vagina...
What's six inches long and two inches wide and drives women wild? Money.
What happens when the smog lifts in Los Angeles? U.C.L.A
The only way to score with a robot Is to get it in the mode
Props to every deodorant commercial ever for abandoning all creativity and just going with ""If you buy this, women will have sex with you""
Do you know what would make this sub better? No more /u/JokeExplainBot
Omg what a weekend - I don't need to eat again for the rest of this year. Is that cheesecake?
Sometimes i look up at the stars, the sky and wonder... ... Where the FUCK did my roof go?
Why do women sound like they're having an orgasm when they play tennis? And why does my mother play Tennis in her bedroom?
What did the Nazi without a car say? Damnit! Now I'm going to have to sieg HAIL a cab!
this asian is Hannibal Lecter At the animal shelter
Apparently ""Which one?"" wasn't the best answer when my gf's dad asked me ""What are your intentions with my daughter?""
Wife wants to relax today! Wife: Today, I want to relax, so I have brought three movie tickets. Husband: why three tickets? Wife: you and your parents. 
What is the difference between a snowman and a snow woman ? Snowballs
I watched Mad Max: Fury Road today.
Just found out I've been eating women's energy bars for the past few months. No side effects except making 30% less money than I used to
What's the difference between a lawyer and an Irishman? [OC] One has passed a BAR.
What makes me want to lose the will to live? /r/Jokes!
Saw a deer standing beside the highway this morning watching the traffic go by.Guess he was trying to figure out who's day he wanted to ruin
Where did vampires go to first in America?  New-fang-land.
Never drink water after eating fish !!! Your stomach might become an aquarium. PS not mine read it somewhere
Sometimes I feel like a doctor stuck studying X-rays to gauge the health impacts of excessive sausage eating. I tend to see the wurst in people.
Why did Caitlyn Jenner have a differently spelled version of Caitlin? Because she can't get rid of the Y chromosome
What happens when you give Viagra to a politician? He gets taller
I am going to live stream my extremely Mexican wife farting onto an 8x10 photograph of Donald trump at midnihgt
Sorry, but Apple making driverless cars isn't breaking news. It's been going on ever since they introduced the iPhone.
There are three kinds of people in this world... Those that can do Math, and those that can't.
The secretary keeps hearing music coming from the printer... I think the paper is jamming.
Data's joke from Star Trek:TNG, please finish it: ""A monk a clone and a ferengi decided to go bowling together.""
I don't understand you" cried my girlfriend. ""One minute you're really offensive to me and the next you're really polite."" ""Bitch, please" I said
TIFU By Eating My Boss's Sandwich Oops wrong sub.
Why did the chicken... ...cross the Mobius strip?
What's the difference between acne and a priest? Acne waits till you're 14 to come on your face
Why a man should ever want to marry a woman is a mystery. Why a man should ever want to marry 2 women is a bigamistery.
R.I.P Satoru Iwata He's pushing Peaches and Daisies now.
I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.
I'm going to nap so hard today, my pillow Is going to need a cigarette when I'm done with it
Did you hear about the man who got cooled to absolute zero? He's 0K now.
If Trump wins I'm moving to my last Sim City 2000 save file.
Does anyone use question marks properly anymore.
Who lost a herd of elephants ? Big bo peep !
I can't tell jokes about the Titanic anymore... I just get a sinking feeling when I do.
Tuesday walks into a bar sits down, hangs his head, and says why me.
[at the pet store] Me: I'd like a baby lizard please [later at home] Me: isn't he cute? Wife [heavily pregnant]: I said a baby monitor
FACT : Half of all missing person reports involve people trying to find their way out of IKEA.
An old man on went Facebook You'll never believe what happens next.
How do Muslims seperate the men from the boys? With a crowbar.
Some relationships are like farts, sooner or latter you gonna have to let it go!
What did the mama bullet say to the papa bullet? We're going to have a BB!
Went to my first fight Club tonight, was so much fun, got there a bit late so I missed the first bit of induction. But wow was it fun! Anyone who is keen or wants to know more, hit me up for details!
What's the difference between ignorance and arrogance? I don't know, and I don't care.
A man with Alzheimer's walks into a bar.
A revolving door is an IQ test you can fail in public.
When Tom Cruise is driving, he says ""Now in Cruise Control!"" with this stupid smirk on his face even when there's no one else in the car.
The office supplier gave us some cheap toilet paper and now we've got a real mess on our hands.
What do a Rubik's Cube and a penis have in common? The more you play with it, the harder it gets
What do you call a scary horse? A night-mare.
Actual advice Mallard in a recent interview denounced his internet fame. It was quite a pro duck shun.
13: Dad, do you believe in miracles? Me: Do you remember spray painting my car? 13: yeah M: Are you breathing? 13: yeah M: Well, there ya go
A married couple where each has a doctorate degree is a paradox.
him: what did you do all day? *steps aside to reveal 12 cats taped together* Me: it's a purrrramid!
When I'm at a bar with my cousin she doesn't think it's funny when I yell 'BUT HE'S YOUR GYNECOLOGIST!' every time the music dies down.
I used to date a girl with cataracts Things were going great until one day she stopped seeing me.
I dont have a ""college fund"" bc my youngest will most likely get a scholarship and my oldest thinks all dogs are boys and all cats are girls
I keep confusing the names Jimmy and James Doesn't matter, as they both think everyone loves their sausage.
A professional limboer walks into a bar. He was disqualified from the competition.
Batman Arkham Knight PC port
The best way to get the woman of your dreams is to comment ""gorgeous"" on a minimum of 52 of her selfies.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
A guy walks into a bar of soap.
What did one cheese say to the other? I know it's cheesy, but I feel grate!
Who says Republicans aren't into recycling? Mitt Romney's thinking of running for President, again.
I like how people say pets love you unconditionally like if you didn't feed them and someone else did they wouldn't go to them immediately.
So a Latvian man went to Idaho Because he died.
How did Obama react when he heard Donald Trump won for president? [*removed due to copyright infringement*]
I just saw this advert and the lady said allergies cause you to avoid the things you love. That explains why I never get laid.
All human females should be exterminated at menopause to reduce bitchiness? amiright?
Just trying to figure out how the text box works
What is a Mormon's favorite movie? Lord of the Rings
I call my penis Oscar Pistorius... ... it only goes inside for a disappointingly short period of time.
What does the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breath out of that thing? It's so small.
OC: after talking with my buddy, I thought of this. how do you know if some does crossfit? They''ll tell you.
""Susan, will you marry me?"" ""Oh yes Johnny, yes! Yes!"" Ten grand later and it's still the best prank I ever pulled on my twin brother.
Unless you're telling me how to skip it in the future, your voicemail greeting wastes my time.
What do you call someone who points out the obvious? Someone who points out the obvious.
*on first date* Did you know that wool sweaters are the closest you can legally come to being inside a sheep?
What value is higher than infinity? Infinity plus 1. I'm sorry.
What happens to your car insurance if you don't notify them that you've wrecked a car? I don't know, but it's not wreck-amended.
My dad's visiting soon, which means I need to practice apologizing to waiters with my eyes.
I built a lighthouse... but it blew away.
[DIY] How to turn your dishwasher into a snowblower Buy the bitch a shovel
Who surfs the Net by pecking at the keyboard? www.oody www.oodpecker.
What happened to the cow that jumped over the barbed wire fence? Udder destruction
What do you call a corrupt lawyer? Senator.
Why is the space between a woman's chest and her hips called a waist? Because you could easily fit another pair of tits in there.
The woman in the Superman underwear next to me does not quite understand how white pants work.
You said clothes were 50% off But not one woman in here is topless That false advertising!
Pete Rose had a 90 second ovation at the all star game. It brought a tear to his eye.... Because he took the over.
A skeleton walks into a bar.... ...asks for a pint and a mop.
My wife came in and caught me watching something X rated material... ""Someone's set the channel numbers to Roman numerals!"" I exclaimed.
If I see you being rude to a waitress, I'll spit in your food myself.
Did you hear about Medusa's short lived stand up career? She always faced a tough crowd.
A girl called me up, she said ""come over there's nobody home"" So I went over, but there was nobody home
""A car I've never seen before just parked outside. We're gonna die CAN YOU HEAR ME Jesus Christ you're not listening to me I said..."" - Dogs
What did one cell say to its sister cell when she stepped on him? ""Mitosis !""
Why are surveyors so much fun? Because most of them are party chiefs.
What will they call Bruce Jenner after the final sex-change operation? Sluice
Ladies and gentlemen, my browsing history... [deleted]
A physicist sees a man about to jump from a building 'Don't do it! ' he shouts 'You have so much potential! '
Son, i don't think you are cut out to be a mime. Son: Was it something I said?
Wife just gave birth to our second child and told me I need to appreciate her more I promised to worship the ground she stomps on
So I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced it with but I've been tripping all day.
The only Plato I care about is a big Plato spaghetti
Why hasn't Mexico got an Olympic team? Because the ones who can run, jump and swim are already in the U.S
What do you call souvenirs from the last battle of the Napoleonic wars? Wat-heirlooms.
What did the double hand amputee get for Christmas? I don't know, he hasn't managed to open it yet.
If you're not part of the solution... ... you are part of precipitate.
While digging a hole today I found a bunch of old gold coins. I ran in to tell my wife. Then I remembered why I was digging a hole.
How to 4-dimensional aliens get around? In Tralfamadoloreans.
Then there was the noodle who wanted all his life to be an M... but when he finally got his wish, no one believed him cause he was an M pasta...
Why is a praying muslim like apple pie with ice cream? Both are in *a la mode*.
Someone sly sheared sleeping sheep. Talk about shear terror.
My grandma just broke her hip farting! #EpicFrail!
What do you call a fear of Alkaline? A pH-obia
Teacher : Tommy you try my patience ! Tommy: No teacher you had better try mine. There's more of it !
Why are Jew's noses so big? Because air is free.
[wakes up next to perfectly crocheted sweater with knitting needles in hands] Oh dear god not again
I have a heroine addiction... ...because I can only sleep with a girl if she has saved somebody's life.
How did Paul, the octopus, originally die? Torres went and asked Paul proudly, ""How many goals will I end up with after thia this World Cup?"" Paul died laughing.
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a boy scout? A boyscout who helps little old ladies hop across the street.
Imagine being in space and floating past all the planets. You could probably go kart on Saturn's rings.
What do you call an aardvark that writes poems? A bardvark!
ELI5: What are thoooooooose?!?
What do you get if you cross a skunk with a bear ? Winnie the Pooh !
How do you tell the difference between a plumber and a chemist? Ask them to pronounce unionized.
What does the man with two left feet ask the shoe salesman? ""Do you sell flip-flips?""
You know, Professional Wrestling is lot like the country of China. 90% of the stuff they do is Fake.
Why do men pay more for car insurance? Women don't get blowjobs while they're driving.
Why are Jewish men circumcised ? Because a Jewish woman won't touch anything unless it's 50% off.
I'm single by choice. But it's not my choice.
[parent-teacher conference] Teacher: Which kid is yours? Me: I don't have kids. I just heard the teachers here are hot. T: M: How you doin'?
How do you make a German cry? Show them their gas bill
*exorcism* DEMON: *roars* PRIEST: we must restrain him! WIFE: *opens drawer* here! *tosses fuzzy pink handcuffs* PRIEST: ... DEMON: hey now
Why aren't sumos chummy with racecar drivers? They move in different circles.
Thank you to whoever has been keeping Keanu Reeves busy with a laser pointer for the last 10 years.
If ignorance is bliss then explain Facebook.
TIFU by ordering the wrong sandwich for my wife. Oops, wrong sub. Edit: Turns out this has been posted before :(
How did the cavemen in the far east protect them selves? They Rocked their doors.
I offer kid $1 to do a chore. He sticks dollar in pocket. I get dollar back on laundry day. Lather. Rinse. Repeat!
How do you tell the difference between an adult film star and a psychiatrist? Ask them to pronounce the word analyzed.
Got Christmas card glitter all over me and now I can't stop stripping.
Why are ska bands so clean? They always pick it up pick it up pick it up.
Only 3 more weeks until my Christmas lights change from ""still being up"" to ""being up early"".
The problem with political jokes... ...is that they always get elected.
Sweet Potato Philosophy ""I think therefore I yam.""
My wife asked me to bring home some stuff for the pancakes yesterday. She wasn't happy when I came back with a push up bra.
You all know any good masturbation jokes? C'mon, I bet we can crank some out.
how do you know if you have a high sperm count? your daughter has to chew before she swallows
I try to look on the bright side of everything, except for the sun, because it burns my retinas
How did the dog make gold soup? He put in 24 carrots.
Old people that say tattoos are a waste of money: You have entire cabinets dedicated to plates that no one is allowed to use.
I wonder how telemarketers react to other telemarketers when they are at home...
Clever Commas If your Uncle Jack helped you get off an elephant, would you help your uncle, jack off an elephant.
""Socks... they're like... soft little canoes for your feet."" - Don Draper, having a stroke
Is it me or does it seem like Cinco de Mayo is always on May 5th?
Wait, so hallways in mental institutions aren't called psychopaths? Well they should be.
If u think ur parents did nothing for you, remember Jackie Shrof named his son Tiger and Bappi Da named his son Bappa. Respect your parents
How do you get a kleenex to dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Sometimes I just wish I was black. That way I wouldn't have to deal with all the dad jokes
How many gays does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 3....one to bend over, one to screw the lightbulb in, and one to drive the gay pride day parade float.
Moses talking to a burning bush was child's play ...compared to the miracle of getting a hundred thousand Jews to voluntarily go in to the Red ~~sea~~.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? Halfway
Willie Nelson? (NSFW) What is the worst thing Willie Nelson could say to you while you are giving him a blowjob? I'm not really Willie Nelson
What did the seal say to the walrus after dating him for three months? I think we should sea otter people.
If a vegetarian eats vegetables... What does a humanitarian eat?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs floating in the ocean? Bob
How does a cow add and subtract? With a cowculator.
""I heard you were responsible for like 30 million deaths. That's crazy."" Jimmy Fallon interviewing Stalin
Where did Cookie Monster develop PTSD? Viet-nom nom nom nom nom.
I found out my best friend was a heroin addict... Needles to say, that friendship ended quickly.
I met a girl with 12 Nipples, sounds funny? Dozen tit
I leaked a sex tape of myself 3 months ago. It has 14 hits! Those hits are from me checking to see how many hits it has.
I really can't tell you what I'll be doing this time in 4 years... ... as I do not have 20/20 vision.
What do you call someone who is obsessed with a constant breeze? a 'fan'atic.
My girlfriend just walked in and called me gay... If my nails weren't drying I swear to god...
There are some horrible bastards about I heard a cat crying outside my door and I saw 4 blokes in Chelsea shirts playing football with it I was just about to phone the RSPCA when the cat went 1- 0 up
What did the horse say to the other horse? Hay,I thought you knew horses couldn't speak!
Its funny how condoms are relatively cheap but as soon as you break one your out a few hundred.
When I see my cat watching out the window, fascinated, I sit beside her and say, 'Look, Simba. Everything the light touches is our kingdom.'
April showers bring May flowers, but what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
I went through and unfollowed everyone who is better looking than me. It took a lot longer than I thought it would.
What did the drowning mathematician say? Logloglogloglog...
The greatest joke about being gullible
What did the egg say to the  boiling water? ""How can you expect me to get hard so fast? I just got laid a minute ago.""
I was about to tell a DUMB Nirvana joke, but.... NEVERMIND.
What did the insurance company say to the applicant? THIS ISN'T EVEN MY FINAL FORM!
I haven't had a server go down on me that long since New Year at Hooters. Edit for explanation: https://techcrunch.com/2016/08/11/reddit-is-currently-experiencing-a-major-outage/
*ransom note on gun* [1 million dollars by Friday or I shoot your daughter. No exceptions] [ps please mail gun back it's my only one]
why doesn't mexico have an olympic team? because everybody that can run, swim or jump in in the united states...
My wife's cooking is incredible. With a silent 'cr'.
*reads sign* No Shirt, No Shoes, No Service! *takes off pants*
Studs put the stds in u.
What did the architect say about the rack? How does she not fall over?
So, I just heard about the 7.5 earthquake in New Zealand... Seems a lot of people are shaken up about it.
How do you make something go viral? Herpes.
What's the hardest part of skydiving? The ground.
THIS IS MY LOCKER ROOM TALK GUY: Hey, do you know if they supply towels here? ME: Please don't look at me, my shirt is off.
Um, I'm not ""complaining"" of chest pains *glares at paramedic* don't make this heart attack sound bratty
What's the hardest part about rollerskating? Explaining to your dad that you're gay
Have you ever looked at someone's phone's selfie wallpaper and look at the owner and look again at their selfie and back again to the owner?
I was nervous about meeting new people on a cruise... ... until I realised, we are all in the same boat.
What type of transporter does Mr. Scott use? A Beemer.
Being an adult means assuming someone's dead every time your parents call you at work.
What's the hardest part of skydiving? The ground!
How do you keep a retard in anticipation?
I just ended a 5 years long relationship I'm fine, it wasn't my relationship.
What do you call an Aboriginal in a lamp? And Abori-genie.
Everyone has a thigh gap... ...when they're doing the splits.
How does a water bear sleep? It Hydronates
What do you call a dog who likes a lot of bass in his music? A Sub-Woofer.
I slept like a baby last night... ...I woke up screaming because I had shat myself
[giving mother in law my famous salad dressing recipe over the phone] 1 part vinegar, then *bites lip so I don't laugh* 2 parts baking soda
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato? A dictator. EDIT: In regards to BattletardBlacknigga, I also heard this joke from my dad. Which was awkward but made it funnier in a weird way.....
Why did Michael Jackson call Boyz II Men? Because he thought it was a delivery service.
[grocery store] Ok, milk... Check! Eggs... Check! Tomatoes... Check! ""Sir, can you wait for the total and just write one check please?""
Customer: I'd like a watch that tells time. Clerk: Don't you have a watch that tells time? Customer: No you have to look at it.
Thank you to the brave tree who sacrificed its life so that I could have this giant receipt from CVS for purchasing a pack of Dentyne Ice.
I recently started smoking... It was all dunhill from there
How do you define necrophilia? The urge to crack open a cold one
How does Homer Simpson say watermelon in French? Melon D'OH
What did Dr. Evil say when he fell in the rancor pit? Throw me a frickin bone here.
So there's this cute girl from work and I'm too shy to talk to her But then I realized, all I needed to do to talk to her was to remove the duct tape
[At job interview] Manager: So, do you have any questions about the job? Me: Yeah, can I have it?
what's the difference between a vagina and your joke? Nothing. They both stink!
When you're on a date that's not going well, just start talking about genital psoriasis. You're welcome.
What does a tornado and a woman have in common? It starts with a little blowing but at the end your house is gone
Dear Customer Service: First of all, you should know that Im typing this with my middle finger.
I was writing a joke about a stone rolling up a hill, but it lost momentum. It still has potential.
What is Donald Trump's favorite movie? Minority Deport
Tried to leave a voicemail for my mom but she picked up. I was forced to drop my phone into my purse and shake it around for 10 minutes
Report: Underpaid bowling alley employees to go on strike.
Did you hear the one about the Mormon porn star? They spent a year doing missionary work.
The Best Knock Knock Joke All Day! Fuck you Chad.
Are your breast imported? Because they look like they're over C's
You are living proof that manure can sprout legs and walk.
What did the sushi say to the bee? WASABI. Ah, best lame joke ever.
Want to hear a joke about Ebola? You probably won't get it
What kind of apple has a short temper? A crab apple.
Cop lights should be called sex lights because every time you see them someone is getting fucked
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance..... ..... I'll show him
Frequently Asked Questions: 1) You did what? 3) How dare you? 53) Don't you know how numbering lists works?
God said, ""Peter, come forth..."" But he came fifth and got a toaster instead.
You must be an angel, because your texture mapping is so divine!
Why has Santa Claus such a big sack? Because he only comes once a year.
I'm not a lucky man I once gambled on a couch and won a baby
You know those before-after models? I'm a professional before model
[tv ad] Hey folks, this is Don Key! Come on down to Key's Automotive for.. uh- [camera still rolling] holy shit .. donkey. my name is donkey
What do you call two lesbians floating down a river in a canoe? Fur traders.
Would an unfulfilled beer ad bikini model... be known as a sadder Budweiser girl?
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple? Getting injected with tetanus.
Be careful how much wine you drink, might end up vacuuming the driveway in your panties
The keurig machine at work acts like its going to give me coffee, but it turns off at the last minute. I feel like I'm getting brew balls.
What is a jewish golfer's favorite vegetable? A parsnip.
The one good thing about Hurricane Patricia Clean Drinking water falling from the sky for Mexico!!
I just overheard my kid muttering ""I'm sorry you had to see that"" to a stuffed toy. It's probably best not to ask what ""that"" was right?
My friend wants to be frozen to 273.15C after he dies. But at least we know (_) ( _)&gt
Hey Guys! They brought back Angry Beavers! Isn't it great? Its been renamed to The View, however...
What do Trump and Sanders have in common? They both have an equal chance of winning the Democratic nomination.
Taylor swift waved at a boy yesterday But he didn't wave back... So she will have a new album coming out tomorrow.
What is impotence? Impotence is when your mind starts to be a dick and your dick is philosophising.
(p + l)(a + n)=pa+pn+la+ln I just foiled your plan.
Excuse me, miss, do you give head to strangers? No. Well, then, allow me to introduce myself.
Dear protestors, Rosa parks refused to give up her seat on the bus, she didn't trash it. There's a difference. Pls don't crucify me
What does the cow say while having sex? Nothing... she just mmmooOOOAAAANNnnnsssss...
Moshe was walking down the street and gets run over by another Jewish driver. The driver speeds away and yells out the window ""Watch Out""! Moshe responds ""Why? Are you coming back?
Sometimes, during the movie previews, I'll turn to the stranger sitting next to me and whisper, ""We should really go see that together.""
Why didn't the Asian man cry when his wife died? Because he just couldn't bereave it.
What's the difference between Black man, and Batman? Batman can go in a convenience store without Robbin.
These e-cigarettes keep getting bigger and bigger. I swear I just saw someone smoking a clarinet.
I hate when I'm trying to do shit and I have a wife
thought I was at a Nicki Minaj concert for 20 min before I realized I was just watching a homeless man yell at a pigeon
My friend has the Koran on DVD... I asked him if he could burn me a copy.
It's impossible to look like a bad ass while eating a snow cone.
overheard some guy say ""finals week sucks."" little does he know, everything sucks
A Woman's tongue & Man's eye, will rest' only when they die.
picked up a bag of 98% reduced fat chips at the store today there were only 2 damn chips in the bag
Is your pH 14? Cause you're a basic bitch
There is no ""g"" in paradigm. ""You're thinking of phlegm" she says. Well now I am.
I had no internet or cable last night and I was left with my thoughts. I guess that's why the pioneers usually died so young.
Over Christmas, my Mexican friend told me why they have the tradition of making tamales instead of other traditional foods. It's so they have something to unwrap.
why dont jewish people like getting made fun of? Because millions of them already got roasted
What's the difference between Colonel Custer and Jack Daniels? Jack Daniels is still killing Indians
Let's get a thread of jokes that are funny to hear, but don't work if you read them I'll start: What do you call a fish with no eyes? fsh!
What does the Pokemon dentist do? He takes a Pikachu teeth.
[Couples counseling] ""It's not good to keep these things bottles up, you know"" Okay, fine *opens jar of wasps*
[At Mall] Good cop: CLEAR A PATH PEOPLE! Bad cop: OFFICIAL POLICE BUSINESS Black Friday cop: *Segways past everyone & gets the last HDTV*
How to tell someone they have a bad breath nicely ? ""Oh boy I am bored lets brush our teeth""
What do you call a stylish molecule? A molecool.
WHAT DO YOU GET WHEN YOU MIX A RETARD AND A FUCKHEAD? AN AMERICAN! YOU GET AN AMERICAN!
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? Carrot!
So I was fucking this woman... And she said that she wanted 12 inches and she wanted it to hurt, so I stuck it in 3 times and hit her with a baseball bat.
Don't you just hate when people reply with ""This?"" This.
What do an anorexic person and Sonic the Hedgehog have in common? They both gotta go fast.
What's the exchange rate for pigs and trees? A porcupine.
What do you call noodles that aren't spaghetti? Impastas
Been really trying to see things from my wife's point of view lately... Been looking out this kitchen window for hours...
i'm every guy who says he's taking a twitter break for mental health reasons and then returns 6 hours later
How is Chick-Fil-A like a black hole? You can come in, but you can't come out. &lt
What do you call fake pasta? An impasta
Alarm company: We need your emergency contact info. Me: (eating chips) My dog doesn't have a cell phone.
Why did the Orange stop rolling? It ran out of juice!!!
Chuck Norris opened the Ark of the Covenant and kept his eyes open. The Ark melted.
If you make an oriental dizzy.... does he become disoriented?
Obama and Putin are fighting over a phone charger. You might even say they're in a power struggle.
I think I'm psychic. Now now I know what you're thinking..
Can anyone teach me how to finger a minor? I need to work on my guitar skills.
I've assembled a list of all the jokes feminists find funny: ##
My black friend wears Ask body spray.
If we do end up colonizing Mars.. ..the WiFi there would be out of this world
I have sychic powers. For example, right now you're thinking, ""it's psychic.""
CLICKBAIT TITLE (*bad pun goes here*) (*necessary edit acknowledging upvotes and more bad puns in comments*) (*necessary second edit for the anon's gold*)
Dear person who just turned in your resume with no name or phone number. You didn't get the job.
Local news is like Facebook. You get stories you don't care about, some jerk talks about weather and it all ends with  pictures of animals doing funny stuff.
Why did the girl get grumpy after anal sex? She was butthurt.
Anyone hear of the rapist mechanic? They say he screws, nuts, and bolts.
Q. What does CHAOS stand for? A. The Chiefs Have Arrived On Scene.
For those who never forget a face, you are an exception.
I'm American, and I'm fed up of people saying that America is the stupidest country in the world. Personally, I think Europe is the stupidest country in the world
a guy goes to see a therapist And tell him he keeps having 2 reacurring dreams, one night I'm a wigwam, next time a teepee. Doctor says thats easy, you're just two tents.
So I was talking to a feminist the other day... The trial is next week
I'm the guy at the gym laying face down on the treadmill telling everyone ""I'm ok, I'm ok""
Always remember you're someones reason to smile Because you are a joke
I accidentally just laughed at something my 4-year-old did so now I have to pretend to laugh as she does it forty thousand more times.
Doctor says I'm not supposed to eat before falling asleep... ..but how am I suppose to eat **after** falling asleep?
Our doctor's office painted their examination rooms the color 'Bran Muffin'. They hope to keep our attendance more regular.
Do old men wear boxers or briefs? Depends.
New movie coming out about a golden retriever who helps a deaf boy. It's called ""Ear Bud.""
I found out it was snowing by looking outside. WTF Twitter? You are suppossed to tell me these things first.
I play golf like I have sex I mostly hit 3's and 4's
How do you organize a space party? You planet 
What did the Native American say when he killed his son on a hunting trip? Bison
I used to love The Village People until they came at me with torches. -Gay Frankenstein
[puts baby in highchair] Ohhh HIGH chair, I get it. That explains why all you do is eat, sleep & drool you stupid little stoner.
Why do smurfs laugh when they run? Because the grass tickles their balls ????
When I hear the Christmas song about nuts roasting on an open fire, my testicles move into a defensive formation.
What's the three toughest years of a bass player? Second grade.
What's a Brooklyn contractors favorite dance? Dewalts
I can't wait for Alien vs. Predator vs. Liam Neeson.
The best part of having a banana instead of a cell phone is no one on this plane can actually make me turn it off or stop talking into it.
I like my Starbucks like I like my slaves Free
What is a bacteria's OTHER favorite dish? The PETRI dish!
I am a waiter in need of false teeth. Do I need to look for a new job? I don't think indentured servants are legal any more.
You know those people who only tweet once every couple of days? What do they have going on that I don't? I mean, besides a life.
sometimes i cry when i chop vegetables other than onions, just so the onions don't think they're ugly or something
What do you call a know-it-all Mexican? A Solution Manuel
How many Nazis did it take to change a lightbulb? Only one, despite crimes against humanity they were efficient people and had state of the art engineering.
What do the twin towers and genders have in common? There used to be exactly two, and now it's too offensive to talk about.
I went to cinema last night and saw a movie about cheese. It was G rated.
How many optometrist does it take to screw in a light bulb? 1... or 2?? Or 1? Or 2?
I hate it when somebody always comments on my status but never likes them.
My Mom taught me to treat others the way I want to be treated so I always walk up to strangers and spray canned cheese in their mouth.
Why do Computer Scientists always mix up Halloween and Christmas? Because OCT 31 = DEC 25!
In recent years the number of UFO sightings has dropped because of the smart phone. Their users never look up.
Why does the bad guy always have to know some form of martial art? Why cant they just throw stuff while screaming ""stay away from me!""
What is the best way to make your dick look and feel really big? Fuck a toddler.
I'm trying to make out with my gf tonight without sucess. Any activity subjection? Not movies.
If by speaking Spanish you mean speaking in English but slower and louder, then yes, I speak Spanish.
Yesterday, I got so depressed.. ..I spent entire day listening to Celine Dion records. . . Or that's what I thought until I realised my cat had fallen in to the dryer.
Why don't professional athletes ride bikes to warm-up before games? Because then they'd be two tired
[Scientific Conference] Scientist 1: So science? Scientist 2: *nodding* Science.
I'm being managed by Don King again
My brother and I replaced the tennis balls on Nana's walker with superballs and watching her bounce down the steps was a kodak moment.
My wife asked if I ever think about someone else during sex... ""Nope, just myself.""
Your baby has no idea that you threw him a 1st birthday party. All you did was inconvenience your friends.
You're slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter. 
I'm white, but not have good credit white.
What do Reddit and building a mile long fence have in common? Post...repost.....repost....repost...repost...
What would The Beatles have been called if Ringo never joined? The Beatless
How do you stop a thundering herd of Apes? Hold up your arm and say 'Go back you didn't say 'May I?''
How is a good criminal defense lawyer like a dead hooker? I use them both to get off.
After years of searching, scientists have finally found the gene for shyness... ...hiding behind two other genes.
What do you call a waterfall which causes erections? Viagra Falls
Look at all of these beautiful horse ""Horses"" Horse is already plural ""You're thinking of elk"" *stares off* Holy mooses, you're right
Good news: He told me I was his penguin. Bad news: Penguins only have sex once a year.
Minecraft isn't wheelchair assessable.
Inmates screaming, throwing feces, refusing to wear clothes. The sale of 4chan has not been well received by long-time visitors of the site.
Does anyone have experience flipping tables? Im sure i do.
I like horror movies because it's the only place insanely hot people are treated poorly
Reddit's future:
*A conversation between two Wannabe Terrorists * T1: Oi mate, check out this bomb. I got it for a very cheap price!! T2: It's a fake man. T1: Fake? C4 yourself man. *explosion*
You know what's really odd? Numbers not divisible by 2.
There are two things I don't like in my girlfriend. It's her chin.
Operator: 999, emergency services. Which service do you require? Me: Oh! Don't mind me, I was just cleaning cake off the touch screen.
Why is Santa's sack so big??? Well, he only cums once a year...
I can't imagine why more guys don't do yoga. 1. Yoga pants 2. Lots of girls 3. Lots of girls in yoga pants doing yoga moves
What's a nice guys favorite type of wood? M'hogany
How do you tell if your scrotum is ticklish? Give it a couple test tickles
Skinny= Anorexic Thick= Obese. Virgin= Too good. Non-Virgin= Slut. Friendly= Fake. Quiet= Rude. It seems like you can never please society
Why was Pavlov's hair so soft? Classical Conditioning (told by my psychologist student friend that is not on reddit, so all credit to him)
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo' drizzle
I told my 2-year-old to find her shoes She cupped her hands & yelled ""Shoes, where are you?"" I'd help her, but I want to see if this works
[first date] her: so, tell me about yourself! me: well, im not good with dates her: but you're doing fine! me: christmas is on september 3rd
The fastest way to learn a foreign language is to take a lover who speaks that language, which makes me wonder about Mr. Ed.
Did you hear the joke about the 100-inch pizza? It's hard to deliver.
What was Adolf Hitler's favourite computer game? Mein Kraft.
Dont do phone sex Or you'll get hearing aids
7 y/o daughter: Why don't they have tape for your burrito but you could eat the tape? And now I know what Einstein's parents felt like
50 cent What did 50 cent say to his grandma when she have him a sweater? Gee you knit
HER: [she puts her hand down my pants] mm what do we have in here ME: [sweatin because thats where I keep my chicken mcnugget stash] nothin
If your boss says ""Correct me if I'm wrong but aren't you supposed to be in at 8am?"" don't correct them. Its a trap. They hate being wrong.
A stitch in time... Would confuse Einstein
Time Lords make the worst lovers... It's always bigger on the inside
You know Reddit, yall like school in the summertime... No class.
I was going to make a documentary about my sex life but somebody else snatched up the rights to the title. TROLLHUNTER
[breakup talk] H: Gimme one last chance! M: How can I trust you again? H: She meant nothing to me! M: Not that. You bought lite sour cream!
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? They're trying not to attract any more undue blame then they already have.
Dear Monday: I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel.
Anti-vaxxers make me SICK! Or they would, if my parents were imbeciles
""Thirteen, thirteen, thirteen, thirteen... "" Fourteen, fourteen, fourteen, fourteen...
What's the biggest advantage to living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
chik-fil-a employee: It Would Be My Dying Wish To Serve You, Great Lord me: I just want some nuggets man cfa employee: I Would Die For You
What do you call a gay chemist? Homogeneous.
the only proof i have that there is a god is that one time i saw a dude in a ""Bazinga"" shirt get into a car and drive directly into a tree
First joke I ever told. You know what a hypocrite is? A guy that hates cats, but loves pussy.
Seminar topic at the annual vampire conference ""How to Deal with Stakeholders""
I told you ill be there in 5 minutes. Stop calling me every half an hour.
What do you call 2 Mexicans playing basketball? Juan on Juan.
War does not determine who is right  only who is left.
What did the gynaecologist say to the vagina that grabbed his sandwich? Don't, Snatch.
me *walks into house* wife: Where are the kids? me *turns around and goes back out*
BREAKING: 30 people feared soothed in Yankee Candle fire.
You're not in a serious relationship until he leaves you in a room alone with his phone.
What is the name of your friend's advisor? Budweiser
What has been inside a live bitch and dead pig? Apparently Cameroon's dick.
I've been wearing the same clothes for almost 7 years now because a girl wrote ""never change"" in my middle school year book.
Me: Can you bring me a burrito Him: you want me to come over? Me: no. I want a burrito to come over.
Hyperbole: Literally the worst thing ever.
RSVP: yes         no                      yes now but then no later on
A vampire walks into a bar and asks for for a cup of boiling water The bartender says to the vampire dont vampiers drink blood? the vampire pulls out a used tampon and say yes im making tea!
A missionary noticed a particularly happy cannibal Missionary: Joe, you look unusually cheery today. CannibalJoe: Today wife gave me head
What did the optimist say as he jumped off the building? So far, so good.
How many jews can you fit in a Volkswagen beetle? 4 in the seats and 47 in the ashtray.
Why is the mathematician mad? Because he's a calcul-hater.
Why couldn't the Pokemon tell a joke? Because he fainted.
Trying to find an anagram for mobile piss' is impossible.
Did you hear about the casting for the new Batman movie? People have really Ben Affleckted by it.
What do you get if you cross a bee with a door  bell? A hum dinger !
Your cock is so small you could use it to floss teeth.
I'm never wrong! One time, I thought I was wrong, but I was mistaken!
Nothing beats a beautiful girl with a great singing voice! Except Chris Brown
What do you call the Moon spirit that at once sits upon a lake of glowing jade and exists nestled within our divine souls? Altha'or syzygena
I'm filming a documentary on the serious subject of circumcision. It's called Robbin' Hood.
If your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door who do you let in first?  - The dog. He'll shut up once you let him in.
I have a MASSIVE heroine problem... I'm addicted to fat women who save my life.
How did the Vagina want her eggs cooked? Ovaries-y
Accordion to a recent study, switching the words of a sentence with a musical instrument often goes unnoticed. It's science.
What's white and crawls up your leg? Uncle Ben's Perverted Rice
Police chase I was racing towards a cliff with police sirens ringing in my ears when I noticed my mirror was broken and I realized there was no looking back now
The world would be a much better place if people like Adolf Hitler were still born. EDIT: typo, 'stillborn'
Studies show that Alabama, Mississippi and Tennessee have an obesity rate of over 30%. Maybe they'll change their name from the Bible Belt to the Loosened Belt.
Top 3 invisible things: 1) 2) 3)
Why didn't Trump drown? Because shit floats.
Adding ""family"" to words sucks out all the fun: Vacation? Family vacation. Car? Family car. Movie? Family movie. Affair? Family affair.
Where do bee's go to the bathroom? At the BP station.
give us a pickup line related to your profession WITHOUT revealing your profession. we'll try to guess I might have posted in the wrong sub Reddit. let me know if we should move it!
What is black &amp
Hey baby, you're just like my little toe... ...because I'm going to bang you on every piece of furniture in my home.
Life is like a box of chocolates... It can be a load of shit.
You've been found guilty of murder in the 1st degree. Your sentence is 20 years of being trapped in a FB group message about a baby shower.
I got my first real 6-string Bought it at the 5 & dime Played it til my fingers bled Mom sued the guitar manufacturer & settled out of court
I almost died last night. I woke up at 3am and MY FOOT WAS HANGING OFF THE EDGE OF THE BED. NOT EVEN UNDER THE COVERS.
What did the scarecrow say when the farmer asked him in for dinner? ""No thanks, I'm stuffed.""
Sometimes the first step to forgiveness is understanding that the other person is an idiot.
Picking up women in bars is like picking up Avocadoes in a supermarket... You have no idea how damaged they are until you get them home.
Project Manager Humor Why do Vampires make poor project managers? Because the refuse you to meet with stake holders. (why yes, I am a dad why do you ask?)
*plugs my phone in to charge when it's at 80%* *lets the low battery warning on my fire alarm beep for 6 months*
Why did hitler commit suicide? He saw the gas bill.
""Doctor, doctor, there's a lettuce sticking out of my bum! Is it serious?"" ""I'm sorry to tell you, that's just the tip of the iceberg.""
You wont find a whole lot about beastiality in the bible. But you will in my diary.
Why did the dog's friends send her home from the bar when she started to act strange? They thought she might have been slipped a woofie.
I'm trying to not be horny all the time but it's hard
Another blonde joke A professor told his class: ""Fame will come to you only after you succeed!"" A blonde asked, ""Who is 'Seed'?""
I apologized to the librarian if I appeared desperate, after all... I asked her to check me out...
Whats black and eats pussy? Cervical cancer.
Son, here is a photo of a naked lady. Please identify the following parts: beanplug, malm, The Crow's Eye, underback, velveeta, DataZone
Obama: Get Air Force One ready. Biden: OK! *runs off* Obama: The plane, not the movie. *Biden does 360* Biden: Yeah I know.
Rape fantasy Guy: ""Wanna do a rape fantasy?"" Woman: ""No!"" Guy: ""That's the spirit""
""A Bunch of Stuff I Remembered and Then Compiled into a Narratively Cohesive Yet Inconsistently Compelling Tome: A Memoir""
Teacher: Why does the statue of liberty stand in New York harbour? Pupil: Because it can't sit down!
My dog left me christmas present under the tree I had to clean it up
She meant Trump My father and I were in a intense fight over the Presidential Run. My mom interupted, ""Triumph would win since every man loves his brand"".
My urge to sing ""The Lion Sleeps Tonight"" is just a whim away a whim away, a whim away, a whim away
Taco Bell doesn't have a playground, because kids that eat Taco Bell can't climb, or run.
A Trump Irony How is Trump going to keep immigrants out if he can't keep protesters from crashing his rally?
A tornado is a lot like having an affair. At first there is a lot of blowing, but in the end, you just lose your house.
i took my dog to the vet he never got dry again
Someone told me it was important to have relationships with positive people. Now I have AIDS
I also painted my computer black, hoping it would run faster. But the police choked it to death, and ruled it justified.
50 shades of grey Girl 1: Hey have you read 50 shades of grey yet? Girl 2: Yes! From cover to cover! Girl 1: And the index? Girl 2: Exhausted...
I just saw a woman push 5 little kids in a shopping cart out of Walmart. I didn't realize that you could get them in bulk now.
The ancient Egyptians loved cat videos.
I'm not saying my ex is crazy,but The only way to take her picture, is with a Bi-Polaroid
Fact: all boots were made for walking.
Why do lesbians have cats? They're into pussies.(
What do you call a bird with 3 wings and 3 legs? Triangull
""I mean if you do the math the most weight I can really gain from the pound of pumpkin pie I ate tonight is only one pound"" I thought fatly.
The Bible wouldn't sound so preachy if every commandment was followed by the word ""dude.""
Why can't you ever trust a cat? Because they are always lion
What do you call an ant who likes to be alone ? An independant !
*interrupts your heartfelt story* Oh NOW I hear your New York accent!! Say ""dying wish"" again! Ok now say ""coffee""!
I popped my dad's viagra now I'm hard as a motherfucker
After the man was named bishop by the church, what was his next move? Diagonal
What is the difference between a girl and a pool table? You have a shot with a pool table.
Women, you can't live with 'em... And you can't cut their heads off and gang-rape their corpses. Not alone at least. Get your buddies to help.
What do you call the study of Japanese sound? Yakuztics
Word of the day: exhaustipated. Too tired to give a shit.
Did you hear about the guy who taught a group of dung beetles to play baseball? Yup, and thats just the bug inning.
A man walks into an elevator and looks at the woman standing inside. He says, ""Can I smell your feet?"" She responds, ""Ew no"" ""Must be your pussy then.""
So a pope, a pedophile, and a rapist walks into a bar... He asks for a drink. ^^^^Take ^^^^as ^^^^much ^^^^time ^^^^as ^^^^you ^^^^need ^^^^to ^^^^think ^^^^about ^^^^it...
there is nothing wrong with being nice, but there is something wrong with being nice to people.
What's the most problematic time of day? 4:04
Save your little napkin, bartender. I don't plan on having this drink long enough to set it down.
What do you call two lesbians in a fist fight? A Muffle Ruffle.
What do gangsters put on their nachos? Glock-amole
I work for the world's largest nanotechnology company... We're not very good.
Why did ancient Egyptians love beans? They made Tootin' Common.
What do the 2016 Rio Olympics and the 2016 US presidential race have in common? Half of the competitors cheat and the other half aren't qualified.
You never see baby pigeons because pigeons are cloned by the government. Next question.
Forrest Gump came out 20 years ago. Can you believe that?! Of course you can because you're not an idiot who doesn't know how time works.
Tissues are for tearful issues and for when people think it's funny but it's snot.
So, I haven't seen the vice president in the news much recently I think that he may just be Biden his time
Listening to coworkers try and explain Fight Club to another coworker and all I could think was ""we really shouldn't be talking about this"".
Honey, I'm pregnant.. Hi Pregnant, I'm dad.
I was thrilled when this beautiful girl came up and asked me for a date. Then I realised it was just because I work at a dried fruit stand.
Did you know cats can jump higher than houses? This is because houses don't.
In a fight between Batman and Darth Vader, the winner would be Chuck Norris.
For some reason, the Disney movie ""101 Dalmatians"" was much more popular than it's sequel ""Picking up Dog Shit for Eternity.""
A man walks into the bedroom holding a sheep, And says, I just wanted to show you the pig I was fucking. His wife says that's not a pig, and he responds I know I was talking to the sheep.
My Pet Mouse Elvis Died Today He got caught in a trap.
Last name: Ever. First name: Greatest. Middle name: Hashbrowns.
I like my women like i like my cake mixes... ultra moist whites
I like my women like I like my doctors Always asking me to take my clothes off whenever I see them.
How do you find the PC user in the coffee shop? Follow the power cord.
What do I get when u heat up sour cream? Just cream, it's not sour. -told me to by a friend. AP
What goes hum-choo hum choo? A bee with a cold !
Have you found Jesus? No? Me neither. I think we lost him near the border. God, I hope he's ok. He had like all the cocaine with him.
Ugh I completely forgot to do something with my life.
A mite is sitting on a fly. Fly: Hey, bug on my back, are you a mite? Mite: I mite be. Fly: Stupidest pun I ever heard. Mite: What do you expect? I just made it up on the fly.
What's the difference between a pineapple and the White House? A pineapples pricks are on the outside.
[police chase] FRIEND: ditch the stolen stuff ME: are u sure F: just do it M: *throws out stolen anchor and car comes to a screeching halt*
What do you call a bad Italian neighborhood? The spaghetto.
If I won $900,000,000, I'd give a quarter of it to Charity... She's a talented dancer and says she needs money for school.
How many redditors commenting on a given post does it take to screw in a light bulb? Not possible. Their hands are too slippery with each other's ejaculate.
Dad: Why are your eyes red, son? Son: I smoke weed, dad.  Dad: Don't lie to me, you were crying because you're a faggot.
Asians are so good at math... ... they can do it with their eyes closed.
Can I buy you a drink, or do you just want the money?
My girlfriend thanked me for telling her a joke as she hadn't laughed since her mother died I think it was pretty disrespectful that she'd laughed when her mother died.
What do you call a gay rock. A fruity pebble.
*wife wonders where I am in the store* *hears glass shatter* *knows where I am*
What do you call an Ethiopian on a hunger strike? An Ethiopian
I've limited my friends to 3 people that know how to split a dinner bill w/o causing a fiasco and life has been awesome since.
Best of luck to Steven Gerrard, who's retired from not winning the World Cup to concentrate on not winning the Premier League.
I wish there was a song you and your friends could sing right after you became champions
INTERVIEWER: What did you like most about your last job? ME: *leans in way too close* Leaving it.
Last night I masturbated over my ex-girlfriend. I know it's not right, but she's a heavy sleeper and I still have a key.
I have a short joke for the ladies, on Thanksgiving My penis
Anyone wanna have a pun war? Just for phun.?
So I went to a fortune teller and asked if I was going to get any action that night. She told me she didn't deal in self fulfilling prophecies.
What did the Machop say to the guy who was giving him a hard time? You're really bustin' Machops!
What do you call an Asian woman who lives next to a data centre? Ping Lo.
How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her enough
Why do mules not work as hard as horses? Because they're half-assed!
If I owned my own strip club, I'd probably name it 'The Museum' 'Cause, you know, no touching. If 'The Museum' worked out, I might open another one and call it ""Blue Balls."" Pretty self explanatory.
I couldn't be trusted with a time machine. I'd get killed going back and testing whether or not Velociraptors really could open doors.
It's been a rough morning. Picked up my coffee, handle came off. Put on a shirt, button came off. Grabbed my tool box, handle came off. I'm afraid to go to the bathroom!
What's the similarity between women and dogshit? The older they get, the easier they are to pick up.
What do you call a Mexican Girl with no legs? *cunts*-*way*-*low*
What was the last thing that went through the fly's head when he hit the windshield? His ass.
Why couldn't JFK become a boxer? Because he couldn't take a shot to the head.
Why couldn't JFK become a boxer? Because he couldn't take a shot to the head!
What do you call it when you feed a stick of dynamite to a steer? Abominable! (say it out loud, slowly)
i'm just like one of the ladies in the commercials! dancin around with nair on my pits! usin a tampon as a mic as i lipsync the cranberries!
Why do Russians have so many bear fighting stories? Because their liquor is strong and their women are hairy.
Fortune Cookie: YOU JUST BROKE MY HOUSE IN HALF AND NOW YOU'RE READING MY JOURNAL
Why dont Demons fear oxidation? Because there's no rust for the wicked
Because United 93 didn't hit it's target, Osama bin Laden wasn't perfectly happy about the terror attacks. So he rated it a 9/11.
""People should never again say that if they had a time machine, they'd go back & stop Hitler. Because we now know nobody would."" - my kid
Its possible to live on a diet of only potatoes But, as the Irish found out, it wasn't possible to live on a diet without them.
What do you call an uncertain insect today? A May bee.
My brother and I know EVERYTHING between the two of us. Go ahead, ask something...
My dad used to beat me... At tic-tac-toe.
Fat people would be great ninjas. The all black uniform would be mistaken for a solar eclipse thus creating the ultimate ninja diversion.
What's the best thing about oral sex? The 5 minutes of peace and quiet!
""goodbye, cruel world"" *hops into duck pond with bread strapped to my entire body*
Eggs What does an embryo say when it's serious? No yolk!
What does Debbie Reynolds sing in heaven? Good mourning, good mourning, good mourning!!!
Darling, what does pedophile mean? I'll tell you when you're older.
My doctor tells me I'm healthy enough for sexual activity...I'm just not attractive enough.
Whats the difference between jam and marmalade??NSFW You can't marmalade your cock up someone's ass
What is a horses favourite TV show?  Neeeebours
What did the patriarchy serve at their dinner party? Traditional gender rolls.
Cell references in excel are like gold diggers. If you want them to stay in the same place you have to throw some money at them.
I just did 50 crunches in an hour... the wrappers are everywhere.
You know when you get that urge to eat something just because it's there? Anyway, I lost my job as a gynaecologist today.
They don't treat the black people right. In our neighborhoods, they don't have banks -- they have check cashing.
What did the fish say when it swam into the wall? Damn!
If your PMSing wife hands you lemons, you damn well better make lemonade or else she'll stab you & squeeze lemon juice into the open wound.
Crime doesn't pay... does that mean that my job is a crime?
I don't always feel like I won the genetic lottery, but when I do... I'm at Wal-mart.
What's the definition of Parity? Two parrots exactly the same!
Sitting outside the dentist office eating Oreos, b/c I think everyone should earn their pay.
You don't need a parachute to go skydiving: **However**, you need a parachute to go skydiving twice
Which nation doesn't do what it's supposed to do until it's too late? Procrastination!
*wife walks in* *sees cheese balls everywhere* *shakes head* ""what? 8 won't get better at catching food in his mouth if we don't practice""
Your opinion is like a headache Everyone's had one and no one gives a fuck
The most tedious aspect of my job is the part where I have to jiggle the mouse every 30 minutes to keep the screensaver from activating.
How does a racist laugh? He sniggers.
What do you call ghosts commiting bank robberies? The Polterheist
Q: What do you feed an invisible cat? A: Evaporated milk.
Just heard a little kid tell his dad he was a lion and his dad said ""Wow!"" What a fucking pair of idiots.
How did the scarecrow win the award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why is it that when your dog brings you things he's killed it's cute, but when I do it we have to get the police involved?
My husband's signature move in bed is to roll over and take eighty percent of the covers with him.
I'm not a marketing expert. But if I was selling milk, the cartons would be tit shaped.
We would have discovered the cure for cancer by now if we rewarded, recognized and respected our scientists just as much as we do our sportsmen and celebrities.
What do you call a tree that protects Gotham City? Spruce Wayne
Lol , Toilet (potty) Humour, funny A : Have you heard of the movie ""Constipation"" ? B: No -- A: Obviously because it hasnt come out as yet .. LOL B: You are so fucking Stupid ..
In a restaurant: Customer: Waiter, waiter! There is a frog in my soup!!! In a restaurant: Customer: Waiter, waiter! There is a frog in my soup!!! Waiter: Sorry, sir. The fly is on vacation.
How does every racist joke start? By looking over your shoulder.
What is the difference between a cat and a comma? A cat has its claws at the end of its paws and a comma is the pause at the end of a clause.
There's a bipartisan group petitioning for medical marijuana as an option for arthritis patients. In other words, there's joint support for joint support for joint support.
Sometimes I need what only some people can provide: Their absence.
The longer a Facebook photo of someone's kid goes unliked, the stronger I become.
If I've offended you with my posts, I humbly apologize. I honestly didn't think you could read.
What does a woman and KFC have in common? Well, you start with the breasts and the thighs, and you end up with a greasy box to put your bone in.
Q: What happens if a pig parks illegally? A: It oink-urs a fine.
When Dracula went to the blood bank, he said: ""Do you deliver?""
Albert Bandura can anyone tell me the joke about bandura with a chicken and the egg. something about realizing that the environment came first
Edison didn't fail at making a lightbulb, he found 10,000 ways that don't work. Number 7,511 will shock you!
You guys wanna hear a joke? Ellen Pao
if a woman tells me she just wants be friends I say ok but I get to be rachel
What's a mole's favourite fruit? An Avagadro.
Q: Do you know why the new football stadium they built in Warsaw could not be used? A: No matter where you sat you were behind a Pole.
Why did the man take a pencil to bed ? To draw the curtains !
yo here's a cool name: ""Wolf Blitzer."" Damn that's cool as hell. Let's give it to the lamest nerd imaginable.
What's green and hurts when it hits you in the eye? A snooker table
What idiot called it a tree trimmer instead of a branch manager?
TIL The U.S is #18 in Mathematics worldwide. At least we're in the top 10.
Quidditch. Scratching yourself with a pound coin.
Giving someone a Dunkin Donuts gift certificate for their birthday is the perfect way to say ""I love you"" and ""I hate you"" at the same time
I think my abs look pretty good for a mother of 2 kids. I don't have kids.
What did the gymnast and the grad student have in common? The both had an outstanding balance.
Note to younger women: Remember, men are always after just one thing: your snacks. Do not leave the refrigerator unlocked.
Walked into a spider web and did an hour of tai chi in five seconds.
What do you say to a virgin when she sneezes? Goesintight
What bring a dead duck back to life? A dead bullfrog.
I love self depricating humor Its another thing that wont love me back
It's hard to juggle work and a baby... ...without the baby getting a few paper cuts. I haven't left my room today.
You're not fat, you're just... easier to see
I log in and out of Facebook at the same speed a frightened kid runs down into the basement to grab something and runs back up.
Why does the spanish dude keep walking left? Because izquierda going right.
The problem with protests... Is that once things start to get lit, the cops show up and ruin it.
Hilter was weird You would think a pig would like people who don't eat pork.
I'm not saying I'm a bad cook. But how long does pasta stay in the toaster?
Little Johnny When I was a boy, I prayed, and prayed, for a bike but never got one. Then I realized that God don't work that way. So I stole a bike, then asked for forgiveness.
[at a party] *taps wife's shoulder* I've looked everywhere...where are all the swings? (wife pulls away from kissing Bob) ""What?""
What's the difference between an astronaut and a NASA intern? One's constantly preparing for lunch.
Interesting piece of history... In 1872, the Arabs invented the condom, using a goat's lower intestine. In 1873, the British somewhat refined the idea by taking the intestine out of the goat first.
If X-Men and Legend of Korra had a crossover what kind of bender would Magneto be? A Fassbender
What did Jesse say to Woody when they were having a threesome with Buzz Lightyear? You've got a friend in me
How can you tell if Chuck Norris ate rabbits the night before? He has claw marks on his forehead.
Ever meet one of these people that makes everything a competition? I've met more.
What do you call a construction company that only employs midgets? Clearly short handed.
I couldn't use my phone at the funeral home it was a dead zone.
The ISIS have recruited a new rapper... They're calling him the real Islam shady!
I caught my son wiping his boogers on the couch which is gross because I don't want our boogers mixing.
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb? Apparently not five, my basement is still dark. (taken from this page: https://www.facebook.com/ImammahdidailyIII?fref=ts)
Microsoft has developed a special version of the Halo 3 rendering engine which can run within LibreOffice Calc spreadsheets... It's called Halo3.**ods**t
When a guy texts a girl ""hey stranger"", what he really means is ""I've recently thought about trying to get in your pants again.""
Obama will go down in history as America's first gold president.
What kind of soldier doesn't need bullets? The kind of soldier that's always shooting his mouth off.
Shepherd's wife: You always seem so happy dear. Shepherd: I got ewe babe.
I was so thankful.... I couldn't thank my friend enough for getting me into fight club. ""Don't mention it!"", he said.
Cop: Wife shot the husband for bothering her while reading a book Sargent: You arrested her? C: No S: Why? C: She's not done with the book
Why is B so cool? Because it is next to the AC
How do you tell if someone has an std? Oh shit wrong sub-reddit.
No, I don't need a bag
What are the coldest triangles? Ice-sosceles
Counted five pregnant women at this Noah matinee. Praying their water doesn't break.
Don't call me a party animal then get upset that I pooped on your carpet.
COP: [flashes his light into my car] ME: *struggles to roll down window* ""Sorry this isn't my car.""
I've been waiting for this moment ever since I got up... goodnight!
What did the old billy bobs eat at McDonald's? McChicken-killer... Yeah I'm really stoned smoked a chicken killer and ate McDonald's
Dark Humor is like food... Not everybody gets it.
[Crate and Barrel job interview] ""So why do you want to work here?"" DONKEY KONG [sweating]: I love interior design
Aaron Hernandez found guilty of first-degree murder He has been sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Not sure how much longer he's going to remain a ""tight end""
What did the zero say to the eight? ""Nice belt, fuck face.""
What's the best part about dating 26 year olds? There's twenty of them.
What is the most confusing day in Harlem? Fathers Day!
What do Bill Cosby and Santa have in common? They don't come until you're asleep
why did the lion win the race? because he mufasa.
What is it called when two birds kiss? A Peck.
Optimist: A college student who opens his wallet and expects to find money.
How many Deadheads (Grateful Dead fans) does it take to change a lightbulb? No one knows, they wait for it to burn out and follow it around for twenty years.
What is a Cambodian's favorite meal? Pol Pot.
Why do they call it PMS? Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
Most people don't realize this, but you can eat organic, all natural, gluten-free food without telling everyone around you.
'I just call it like I see it...' -People giving their unsolicited opinion about their unsolicited opinions.
I pet my dog and he didn't wag his tail. Is he seeing someone else? Is the magic gone? Do we need to spice things up? I'll dress like a cat.
What's the difference between a poorly-dressed man on a unicycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? A tire.
This cashier just held my five dollar bill up to the light in case you're wondering how I do with first impressions.
It's pretty easy to get pussy with a puppy You just replace the S's with P's
fired for ""unleashing rats at work"" which is bull shit first off because they don't make leashes for rats
Wanna hear a joke? The WNBA.
It is 2022. Everyone has bought a pair of beats by dre. Doctor dre chuckles, his mind control device is ready
Fucked a girl with one leg once... Should've used my dick .
In the future, people won't ask for a cup of sugar... Instead, they'll ask for a gigabyte of sug.rar
One Last Humiliation: The CIA Just Bungled An Attempt To Drop A Piano On Fidel Castro's Funeral Procession Luckily, It only cost them a grand.
DINOSAUR PARTY TRICERATOPS: GROUP SELFIE!! *hands phone to T-Rex T-REX: Still not funny you guys. Not. Funny.
The real fight of the century was between, Jamie Foxx and the national anthem
Measure twice, cut five times, curse profusely, punch a wall, give up, call a professional.
Have you heard about the gay boogeyman? He'll hide anywhere *except* your closet.
What do you call an underwater ride sharing service? Scuber!
I just put a cat & a mouse in a cage and I must say, this is nothing like Tom & Jerry.
Mom, what's a Kardashian? It's what a midget can't see over when in the driver's seat. Just kidding, dear. It means whore.
Pour motor oil over a stack of CDs. Ta-da! Robot pancakes.
I just got mistaken for an employee at a haunted house. Assume it's because I look authoritative not because I look like I'm wearing a mask.
What's the difference between an introverted scientist and an extroverted scientist? An extroverted scientist will stare at YOUR feet.
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a prostitute? A prostitute can wash her crack and sell it again
Which Greek god was annoyed by his invitation to the Goddess Dyslexia's party? Ares.
I have a huge fear of elevators... I've started taking steps to avoid it.
Guys. GUYS! Every issue of National Geographic is now on DVD-ROM. FINALLY! God I've missed masturbating to sweet aborigine pancake titties!
What are bananas high in? Trees!
What's a Russian's favorite Italian dish? Pepperoni Picza!
Snuck a peak at my therapist's notepad after telling her about my childhood, and it was just dollar signs.
I just shortened my to-do list by 90% simply by crossing off everything that would cause me to make the evening news.
What do you call a joke with no punchline?
Did you hear about the furry who got detained at the border? The guards thought he was a drug mule.
What's the disease that slowly turns your skin black? Rap Music
""I OBJECT!!!"" The defendant screams in court. The judge gives him a very emotional hug and says ""no... you human"".
Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Poison the fish, he'll eat for a lifetime.
How do you prevent alcoholism? Shots.
Women are like roaches Very hard to approach, but make a satisfying crunch when you smash them. Wait what
Submit a joke. how do i submit Donald Trump?
A trailer in a movie theater ended with ""November 20th"" and a guy loudly said, ""thats my birthday"" and a random guy said ""happy birthday""
What do you call an artist who has no money baroque..... (I'll just see myself out)
A man once taunted Chuck Norris with a bag of Lay's potato chips, saying ""Betcha can't eat just one!"" Chuck Norris proceeded to eat the chips, the bag, and the man in one deft move.
Watching The Bible. Didn't realize everyone spoke w/ a British accent back then. Neat.
What do floppy disks and Jesus have in common? They both had to die to become the icon of saving.
Glad my dog is warning me about the child walking down the street catching snowflakes on his tongue. He seems sketchy.
You only live once? False, you live everyday. You only die once.
My wife just found a pretzel in her hair and then she ate it and I didn't know I could love her more.
What does its job only after its been fired? A bullet.
What is an astronaut's favorite power tool? An orbital sander
Why do melons have traditional weddings? Because they can't elope!
Roses are red violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic and so am I.
What did the gamer say to the fleeing prisoner? Run! escape!
I snort bits of pork when I'm hungry. I call them hamboogers.
Why didn't the waffle go to the pancake party? He was a square.
The Somalian Olympics team has just apologised The Somalian Olympics Team has just apologised to the Olympic Committee after realising that sailing and shooting were 2 separate events!!
What exactly had the ""NOW That's What I Call Music!"" guy been listening to before? Sound FX CDs? Whale noises?
My doctor says my emoji use is keeping me young.
I always feel bad for cantaloupes ... They just want to get hitched
Sorry! i'm not desperate because i'm single. I'm single, because i'm not desperate.
Poor Caitlyn Jenner. She missed Mothers Day &amp
Blood's thicker than water, so remember to pull back on the flour a bit when you substitute it into your baking.
I watched a programmer do stand-up comedy. I've gotta say, I loved his bits.
What does a child without arms get for x-mas? gloves! nah don't know, it hasn't opened the present yet
noooo lost a drinking game guess i have to drink this alcohol i paid for with full intention of consuming
When a couple asks me for directions,I know that the wife is forcing the guy to ask.That's why I give them wrong ones to  teach her a lesson.
How do you get a Mormon to stop drinking all of your alcohol? Invite two of them.
Why did the feminist fail in programming? She hated objectification.
Juror:We find the defendant- *pizza guy bursts in* ""Ive got 2 pizzas for Not Guilty"" Defendant: Im Not Guilty Judge:NOT GUILTY *bangs gavel*
This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club Which was weird, because I'd never met herbivore.
I'm keeping a greater distance behind this truck with a vanity plate that reads ""IMTEXAN"" than I do behind cars with ""Baby on board"" signs.
Bosses get a lot less demanding when you bring a sword to work
I was going to make a terrific joke about a bank... ..but then I lost interest.
When my boyfriend gives me a hug during an argument, it looks loving, but I'm just patting him down to make sure he's not wearing a wire.
[on a first date] ""Have [gestures across the whole menu] whatever you want. I hear the McRib is particularly excellent this time of year.""
Why did Sally fall down the hill? I pushed her.
I like my coffee like I like my women. Hot, black, bitter, and pregnant.
Do You Know Why The Scarecrow Won The Nobel Prize? Because he was outstanding in his field!!
Who is busier than a one-toothed man in a corn eating contest? A one-legged man in an ass kicking contest.
I was once an avid smoker of weed... I did weed everywhere I did it in rain I did it in snow But I did not, in hail.
If she doesn't scream ""YES!"" in bed... I don't know. Maybe start asking her different questions?
Why did the train sound effect album get derailed? The tracks were unfinished.
Me: Sweetie, I think these wireless headphones you got me are defective. Wife: Those are earmuffs.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a bassist? Santa Claus has gifts
""why aren't you in school?"" ""i'm too cool for school, officer."" *checks cop computer* ""checks out, youre free to go."" kid is undercover nerd
The word ""fireplace"" really reveals the creativity of our ancestors.
Why are clothes so expensive? I shouldn't have to pay so much to not be naked. Other people should pay me not to be naked.
My girlfriend said if I don't stop my obsession with Viking culture she'll fight me to the death ""Jokes on you"" I said ""if I die in battle I'll go straight to Valhalla""
How does Lil Wayne get inspiration for his new music? He listens to his old music.
What's the favorite dairy product of Wall Street executives? 1% milk
What did the mountain climber name his horse? Everest. Any time he is bored I see him Mount Everest.
Q: What has fifty legs but still can't walk? A: Half a centipede.
Case of the Pregnant Lady joke
I've just got my own valet and found people treat you completely differently. He's opened a lot of doors for me.
My 5 stages of grief: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. Are you gonna eat that?
The best revenge is to kidnap your enemy, tie him up, then pop bubble wrap in front of him and make him watch.
What do a lonely astronaut and your thumbs have in common? They both hang out at the Space Bar.
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and stainless steel testicles? Sparky.
Atheism... ... is a non-prophet organization.
Sprinklers are just little heads looking around for their friends but they can't find them so they cry
What's the difference between the English rugby team and a teabag? A teabag stays in the cup longer! (im so sorry 
If your partner makes you sleep closest to the door, you are either the protector or bait for the zombies.
Donald Trump trying to make America read again He is trying to restore Borders.
I have a nice body. It's in my trunk.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Graaaiiinnss.
It took me two hours to grill a chicken the other day. And it still didn't tell my why it crossed the road.
Ran my first 10k this morning. ...I'm kidding, I'm on my second Milky Way.
when the news anchor says ""if you know anything about the crime please contact police"" dont call the police and re-tell the news story
My friend's parents recently got a dog called ""Bradford"" Because he's mostly brown and black, with a little patch of white.
Whenever your girlfriend tells you she's on her period remember not to say things like ""that explains it.""
I think my neighbor is stalking me as she's been googling my name on her computer I saw it through my telescope last night.
As I see it, the act of lovemaking should be sacred, caring, and worth the 200 bucks I charge for it.
What is the difference between a mosquito and a fly ? Try sewing buttons on a mosquito !
I want my tombstone to just say ""You should see the other guy"" on it
So embarrassing -- I was scrolling thru an ex's old photos and accidentally liked one & then called her & told her I still love her & cried
Canada in view of recent events will be  changing the maple leaf on the flag to a marijuana plant.  That way the people of Quebec will have good reason to burn the flag.
Las Vegas Floor Show What is the difference between a circus side show and a Las Vegas floor show? One has a cunning array of stunts the other has a stunning array of cunts.
Do we even know if ducks can fart? We should put a guy on that.
What happens when a cow jumps over barbed wire? Udder destruction!
What do you call it when you hire your relatives to play with your nipples? Nippletism
One day I mixed my girlfriend up with flour and butter then I stirred in some milk and sugar. She's scone now...
Nurse: ""It says here you're lacoste intolerant? Is that a typo?"" Me: ""No. I just really, really can't stand polos with crocodiles on them.""
What is uglier than an aardvark? Two aardvarks!
Alcohol doesn't make you fat... it makes you Lean... on tables, chairs & random ugly people...or sometimes floors
I'm Torn on the Issue of Abortion.... On one hand, I support it because it is killing babies. On the other hand, it gives women a choice. Credit goes where credit's due, /u/DJ-Salinger
And Jesus said unto John ""Come forth and receive eternal life"". But John came fifth, and won a toaster.
One wind turbine says to another ""what music do you like?"" ""well I'm a big metal fan""
I am schizophrenic, AUA
What's a wavelength's favorite animal? A lamb, duh!
[Gets on one knee] Margaret- [Pulls out ring] Will you- will you please hide this, Gollum won't stop following me.
I hate looking in the mirror. Whenever I do, there is always some asshole blocking my way.
Serial Killer... The police have caught a serial killer with a really bad stammer. They said it'll be a while before he finishes his sentence.
What do 9 volt batteries and butt holes have in common? You know you shouldn't, but one day you're probably going to try licking one.
Why Marriage is Difficult Marriage is really tough because you have to deal with feelings ... and lawyers.
What do you call a tall buffalo? Buffahigh
""Do not touch"" must be one of the scariest things to read in braille.
I'm at my sexiest when I'm at a stoplight and a teenage boy is checking me out then suddenly realizes his horrific mistake.
Why are peppers irritating? Because they're jalapeno business!
PUTIN: If your American lover is in this room I'll kill him ELENA: He's not! PUTIN: (softly) u...s... [bursting from closet] A! USA! USA!
When I die I'm going to donate my body to science. That's the only way I'll ever get into medical school.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles!
Do you know what it means to come home to a man who'll give you a little love, a little affection, and a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house!
Is your phone in your back pocket? Because that ass is calling me!
Knock knock Who's there? Little old lady Little old lady who? I didn't know you could yodel!
It's like my teeth got in trouble in school & aren't allowed to sit together.
What's the difference between a mosquito and a nympho? A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it
bathroom is like the church's confession box..everyone is so full of shit when they enter..
""Hmm, throw a 'b' in there just to fuck with people."" - the asshole that created the word ""doubt.""
If the sign says ""don't feed the fishes"" then what can you feed fishes anyway? Nothing. Weren't you listening?
The price of a balloon has really gone up recently I think it's because of inflation
ELEVATOR SHOES Q: What's yellow and goes up and down? A: A banana in an elevator.
Knock knock. Who's there? A puerile, often racist subreddit run on dad jokes.
Q: Name the country where the entire population is pissed. A: urination
Your secrets are safe with me, because I probably wasn't listening to begin with.
Did you gu[FLASH AD]ys read that ar[ROLLOVER FLASH AD]ticle on Wi[FLASHING FLASH AD]red on how the iPad really need[MOVING FLASH AD]s Flash?
What do you call a dog in a sub? A subwoofer! Now again: What do you call a dog in a sub? Chinese food!
Sorry I tweeted before texting you back. Sorry I opened your Snapchat but didn't respond. Sorry these are things we actually worry about now
Did you hear about the farmer who lost control of his tractor in the cow pasture? No! Did he hurt the cows?  No he just grazed them!
These two blondes walk into a building. You'd think one of them would have seen it.
If I had 3 wishes I'd spend them on my daughter. Happiness, success and her very own little shithead who refuses to replace the TP roll.
What's the difference between a Ferrari and a box of dead babies ? I don't have a Ferrari in my garage.
I hate it when a bar of soap gets visibly dirty. I want to clean it, but down that road lies madness.
What do you call a Frenchman in Colorado? A French Fried
If you are here - who is running hell?
What do you call an angry gay guy? Oxymoron. - I will see myself out
I found my stolen briefcase pretty quickly... You could say it was a brief case.
What do stupid kids do at Halloween?  They carve a face on an apple and go bobbing for pumpkins.
How does the Moon get its haircut? Eclipse it!
There are two Jehovah's Witnesses outside... They're applauding my house for some reason.
Q: What kind of dog can jump higher than a building? A: Any dog. A building can't jump.
My cat passed. RIP Fluffy McMittens 2002-2003 2003-2005 2005-2007 2007-2008 2008-2011 2011-2013 2013-2014 2014-2015 2015-2016
Psychoanalysis is just regular analysis performed by one of my exes
Knock Knock Who's there ! Belinda ! Belinda who ? Belinda church steeple !
I just left my job. I could not work for my boss after the words he said to me. ""You're fired.""
The best revenge is to show them that your life is getting better after they're gone
What kind of wine does Bruce Lee pair with a fish dinner? None, he just has some WATAH!
How does the stork bring babies? It pokes holes in condoms.
Why did Trump call for a ban on all llamas entering the US? because he isllamaphobic
What do you call two crows on a park bench? Attempted murder.
I asked my wife to bring me a Kinder Surprise when she went to the supermarket... She delivered.
Where does the cynic go to pray The Cynicgogue
Finn is not your average stormtrooper... ...because he doesn't know about either killing or white suits. But he does know how to install a toilet main.
What's worse than finding your dad murdered? The cop at the crime scene saying ""I'm so sorry son""
Do you know how many 3rd party sects the catholic church is protecting? None, catholics aren't allowed to have protected sects.
If you are American in living room, what are you in the bathroom? European.
Co-worker: Face up or face down? Me: Um. What? Cw: The fax machine? Documents face up or down? Me: I'm not mature enough to answer that.
What's the difference between sod and a fat chick? Nothing, sooner or later they will both be laid by a Mexican
What happens when Nigel Farage makes a promise? He brexit.
A racist, a sexist and a priest walk into a bar. The bartender says: ""Hey Bill, drinking alone tonight?""
Yo mama is so ugly, she went to an ugly competition They said, ""Sorry, no professionals.""
Yelled at some skinhead today & he was all like ""chemotherapy, dude"" & I was like, ""whatever, racist"" cause sometimes you gotta take a stand
My friend says he has the biggest brain in the world. I think it's all in his head.
hey, i'm joking
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat The bartender says ""Put that back you thief!""
Why do we cry..... When it's the onions that are being hurt?
The Civil War wasn't about slavery . . . . . . it was about ethics in journalism.
How do you keep your hair from blowing everywhere when you drive in a convertible? Cross your legs
Sometimes, when I am pumping gas, I'll wink at the person at the next pump and say, ""This smells terrific.""
I saw a bunch of youths hitting an old lady. I stopped my car, wound down my window and yelled, ""Excuse me, that's my mother-in-law."" ""And what?"" they replied. ""And she's still moving.""
What's BROWN and making California a miserable place to live? California Governor Jerry BROWN you racist asshole!
What's the difference between Trump and a stripper? Strippers climb polls.
What is green and smells like paint?!? Green paint.
Studies shows that most people don't know the opposites to these words: Always Coming From Take Me Down
What did the Mexican shopkeeper say to the thief? That's Nachos.
soda commercials take place in a parallel universe where everyone on earth is straight edge
Lord of the Rings: A Shortened Version -Give me the ring. -No.
Hey guys, I invented a new word! Plagiarism
Me: ""I mean, how can Harry Potter be the best Quidditch Seeker when he's the only one with glasses?"" Librarian: ""Just pay your fine, Ma'am.""
My girlfriend told me to take a spider out instead of killing it. We went and had some drinks. Cool guy. Wants to be a lawyer.
What's the difference between a gambler and a Kasich supporter? A gambler might lose.
""DOES ANYONE KNOW CPR?"" I step forward boldly. ""I know OF it.""
NSFW How do you know your best friend is gay? His dick tastes like shit!
I may be weird, but everyone needs a buddy who will show up at 2 a.m. and help get the dead zebra out of the septic tank without judging you
Whats the difference between a Jewish and a Black person? About $100,000
Some people don't like vegetable puns... but I don't carrot all about their opinions.
If you give a mouse a cookie.. If you give a mouse a cookie.. Why are you giving a mouse any food? That's unsanitary.
Somebody actually complimented me on my driving today. They left a note on the windscreen. It said, ""Parking fine"", so that was nice.
Sex positions for tiny dicks Fuck, this isn't google. **How do I get this off of here?**
I'll have a foot long Italian with turkey and cheddar cheese. Whoops, wrong sub
Fat jokes aside, let's not forget fat people have feelings too Hunger
I finally lost my virginity Congrats, bro, sit down and tell me about it. Can't sit yet.
What do you call a Scotsman who works in a cloakroom? Angus McCoatup
New Stephen King book! I hear that Stephen King is writing a new book dealing with the horrors of cat ownership. It's called Pffffffffft!
What sign did the mother put up in her neighbourhood when she realized her child's IQ was below average? SLOW CHILDREN PLAYING
How did the hipster burn himself? He drank his coffee before it was cool.
if I ever go missing, it won't be hiking. you guys don't even have to look there.
Sleep is so cute when it tries to compete with the internet.
I would make an economics joke But there's no demand
What's a pirates favorite material? ~~Arrrgyle~~*YARRRN!*^Thanks ^Bravesurf
Why couldn't the artist get a driver's license? He gave off a good Impression, but couldn't make a Van Gogh.
James Bond went to get a haircut. The barber asked him if he wanted to dye his hair as well. Bond replied ""Dye another day.""
A girl posted on FB: ""Sum 1 Cum 2 ma house nd sav me frm boredom"" A guy replied: ""sending an English teacher immediately""
I'm thinking about buying a greyhound, don't know what the wife is going to say so I'll run it by her first.
Opinions are like assholes.. Everybody's got one
Yo mama is so fat... Yo mama is so fat she stubbed her camel toe!
I startled my dog as she was peeing on a mailbox so now the dog she was leaving a message for is only gonna get half of it
Chuck Norris can win a game of Trivial Pursuit with one roll of the dice, and without answering a single question...... just a nod of the head, and a stroke of the beard.
MTV canceled Teen Mom, so it's like they had those babies for nothing.
Whats better then a gold medal in the special Olympics? Not being retarded.
I started a diet two weeks ago So far I've lost 14 days
Only one person cried when Chuck Norris was born and that was the doctor.... no one slaps Chuck Norris
I bet when Kanye was little he played tag by himself, then argued with himself on whether he was tagged or not.
My grandpa always said... They were so poor, if he wasn't born a boy during the Depression, he would of had nothing to play with.
At first i was feeling a little grumpy, Then I was feeling happy, then a little sleepy and finally a little bashful. I am no longer welcome at my daughters school play of Snow white and the 7 dwarfs
Last week I tried to give up swearing... ...but said ""fuck it"" instead.
How Many Hipsters Does it Take to Screw in a Lightbulb? A: You probably wouldn't know, it's some really obscure number...
What's your least favorite race? I personally can't stand 5K's
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office with nothing but saran wrap on. Psychiatrist says, ""I can clearly see your nuts""
I just learned that 10 out of every 2 people suffers from Dyslexia wow... sorry, I mean wow
What did the football say to the football player? I get a kick out of you.
Being bald It means you went back to your roots.
It's uncool to be religious. It's uncool to be atheist. If someone asks what you believe in just say Beyonce. It's the only way to be safe.
What do you call a cat crossed with a canary? a cosh(x/a)
Where do I see myself in five years? *kicks feet up on desk* Sir, does my resume list ""psychics abilities"" under skills? No. Next question.
How long does it take for a black woman to take the trash out? 9 months
How do Mexicans cut their pizza? With Little Ceasars *drops mic, Harlem shakes off stage*
Chef's favorite personal dish? Stroganoff
What is the speciality of Alan Turing? He was homogeneous
Why couldn't Beethoven find his music teacher? He was Haydn
If apples come from apple seeds and tomatoes come from tomato seeds, how come nothing is sprouting from the bird seeds I planted?
What do mice eat during the summer? Micecream
Distraught after losing a full carton of milk, I tattooed its photo on my kid's face, in hope someone recognizes and returns it.
Anne Hathaway always looks like she's unwrapping a gift but she already knows what it is
You never know how strong you are until you have to move your furniture all alone.
She has the body of a goddess and the face to defend it.
Doctor: This patient needs exercise. Get him a walker. No that's a zombie I wanted a walk-oh I see what you did there, nurse [Everyone dies]
What do you call a whiny dog? A chi-WAAA-WAAA!!!!
Yesterday, Iran asked the U.S. for an extension on disabling their nuclear program. When asked how much time they needed, they said, ""10, 9, 8...""
Me: Yes honey.. I know.. a stroller for the baby. I got it. *hangs up* Salesman: As I was saying, the largest hamster ball we sell is a-
What is the difference between a Mexican and a book? A book has papers.
What do you call money that grows on trees? Marijuana
What do you get when you cross a bungee cord with an owl?? My ass.
Squirrel sex What did the squirrel say after fucking an acorn? Best nut of my life
How do you stop water from running? Don't pay the water bill.
Trampolines used to be called jumpolines Until your mother jumped on one back in 87
Did you hear about the dancing girl? She danced on one leg and then the other, but she made her living between the two of them.
Osama Bin Laden had a stand up comedy special last night it bombed
Why would you wrap a hamster in duct tape? So it doesn't explode when you're fucking it.
I had children for two reasons
Another Dad Joke Dad: Guess who I saw today? Kid: Who? Dad: Everyone I looked at!
He said the spark between us was gone, so I tasered him. I'll ask him again when he wakes up.
Tell a sad story in 4 words Lifetime Cleveland Browns fan
Turns out, if I dress like a French maid, my husband doesn't make me clean.
driverless cars???? I don't trust autocorrect to pick the correct word let alone let a car just drive me .... by itself
It seems I passed my mummy embalming exam... It was a no brainer!
My father with 50 years makes 50 KM every day I say ""Tomorrow I will go running""
*Me & dog* *duel for the last piece of chicken* *tosses a stick to distract* *fetches the stick* *chicken is gone* Well played Peanut...!!
*opens drawer* huh, I don't remember this shirt being pink. OMG...did he...did he do laundry? *slowly opens 2nd drawer* -Law & Order sound
So a pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants. The bartender asks him why he has the wheel on him, and the pirate replies ""YARR! IT'S DRIVIN' ME NUTS!""
If you're Canadian before you enter the bathroom, and American when you leave, what are you inside? European!
How many toddlers does it take to change a light bulb Apparently more than 20 seeing how my basement is still dark
How many Jon Snows does it take to change a light bulb? It wouldn't matter. Jon Snow knows nothing.
I'm looking for something with the health benefits of yoga but absolutely none of the yoga
Why was Jimmy so excited to go to Clown College? He got a fool scholarship.
bleakest Russian joke i know ""children! Your father hanged himself for some peace and quiet, not so you could have a swing-set!""
Post some more song lyrics as your status. Someone will eventually understand your struggle.
A bear walks into a bar. He says, ""I'll have a gin... ... ... ... and tonic."" The bartender says, ""Sure, but what about the big pause?"" The bear says, ""I was born with them.""
The world would be a better place if we all got along like the ""Price is Right"" audience.
Girl Dance Girl: You would be a good dancer except for two things. Boy: What are the two things? Girl: Your feet.
Why does the lead singer of Sublime hate tennis? Cause love is what I got
""You'll have more fun in high school, Zach.""nn""You'll have more fun in college, Zach.""nn""You'll have more fun in Hell, Zach.""
What do Donald Trump and the milk in my fridge have in common? It better get thrown out by November 8 or else I'm going to get violently sick.
Why do Americans hate sunlight? Because it's yellow and settles on their land too. And it melts snow.
The Eddie Izzard Diabetic Suicide Prevention Hotline 1-800-CAKRDTH
trump is shitting furiously into a golden toilet right this moment
Why is it so hard to find good posts on NSFW subreddits? Because every post is a sticky post.
Every time someone calls me fat I get so depress I cut myself... a piece of cake.
Are you in the top half of your class ? No I'm one of the students who make the top half possible !
My wife and I used to describe our marriage as 'forever', now we both prefer the term 'ad nauseam'.
What did the potato ask the cow? Give me some milk, and we can make mashed potatoes.
What did the black holes say when they collided? Nothing, they just waved. (Sorry)
wife: I saw in my dream that you were buying a diamond ring for me Husband: I saw your dad paying the bill... :D
What do a hockey player and a hippie chick have in common? They both shower after 3 periods.
I'm sure everything will be fine. I'm sure of lots of things that are wrong. I'm highly fallible.
What's the proper salutation to use when writing a resignation letter to your children?
Yo mama's so fat... Instead of a cartwheel she does a ferriswheel.
How does a nun lose her virginity? Dresses up as an altar boy
While building a house in Kansas, Chuck Norris was dared to dig a hole as deep as he could. Chuck Norris dug so deep that the next day there were Squirrels with slanted eyes on his front lawn.
pool party at my house, bring ur own pool
How can you find the blind guy at a nudist colony? It's not hard
I recently watched the news medias report on the presidential coverage. That's the joke.
What do you call a barnyard uprising? A chicken coup! 
You're more useless than a...
Listen buddy, I never said they were for sale. I just put the ""FRESH EGGS"" sign in my yard to brag
How is digging fence post holes like being the mayor of Toronto? It goes pretty smoothly until you start hitting the rock.
What did the duck say to the chicken who was about to cross the road? quack
Why do Asian girls have small boobs? Because only A's are acceptable.
What do you call a snake that rides around on the front of a car? A windshield viper.
Now I ain't saying she a gold digger, but she out in the field with a shovel & idk man she's diggin for somethin. Oh burying a body? Ok then
What's the Middle East's favorite candy? YemenHeads
Sorry I burnt your degree from the University of Phoenix thinking that a better degree would rise from its ashes.
Don't be offended if I speak to you condescendingly. Be happy that I care enough to be sure your simple mind understands what I'm saying.
It's bad enough hearing people judge others based on their appearance... but when ugly people do it, I feel horrible.
I'm sorry I threw up all over your carpet when you referred to your spouse as your ""lover"".
Trump is banning the importing of shredded cheese. He wants to make America grate again.
Why do pirates wake up early on Saturday? To watch Dablooney Toons!
What do my toaster and I have in common? We both like to be in the same bathtub at the same time.
My friend told me this one. 18+ inside, nsfw. 19
What can bring The Beatles back together? Two more bullets.
When your date asks about your hobbies, DON'T grab her table knife in a napkin and say, ""Collecting knives with strangers' prints on them.""
What do you call someone who slaps their siblings daughter? A niece slapper.
Why don't kids like cheesy jokes? ... they're too mature for their taste
My local electronics retailer is having a fire sale. The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is the hottest item.
My family and I are going camping for Memorial Weekend. I asked my mother if I could bring my trombone so I can practice, but she said no, because we might get ***banned.***
Don't you just hate it when ... You can't understand what your girl is trying to say? Take a step back and what's she's trying to say will become a lot clearer
What's the difference between an old bus stop and a lobster with breast implants? One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean.
All these video games with epic orchestral music scores. Those concerned mums were right, there's way too much violins in video games.
I just checked Web MD and a heart that grows two sizes is called a cardiomegaly and the grinch is pretty fortunate to be alive.
The Soviet Union won't ever rise again? What a bunch of Bolshevik.
How many drummers does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, they have machines for that these days
Did you see that blind guy walking down the street? No? Well he didn't see you either.
All girls love surprises. I didn't know putting a snake in her handbag was wrong. We can't understand women.
This summer I'm going to go to the beach and bury metal objects that say, 'Get a life' on them. Demetri Martin
Trump isn't bad for the economy. Because of him, Correct the Record increased it's operational budget by 600%.
""The trash compactor is full so just dump that in a pan for now."" - Inventor of the fruit cake.
What do the iPhone 5 and Viagra have in common? They're both $700 for an extra inch!
PSA: If your kid bumps into me one more time with your shopping cart I will unhinge my jaw and swallow him whole.
Han Solo had a much cooler older brother called Drum
I used to always ask my mom for things & she'd say ""what's the magic word"" and I'd say ""abracadabra"" and she'd say ""you're why dad left.""
Abstinence makes the church grow fondlers
Virgin Airlines should just be itself. It'll happen eventually.
What did Helen Keller say when she picked up a cheese grater? That was the most violent book I've ever read..........
If everything is going your way You're in the wrong lane
Q: Why did the boy throw his clock out the window? A: He wanted to see time fly.
What do you call a Muslim Flying an airplane A pilot
Kudos to Mattel for making Barbie reflect the average woman! I'm buying the one with massive student loan debt & a fear of cement trucks.
Marvel announce the new Thor is female, to show that women are equal. Issue 1 sees Thor return the hammer back to her husband's toolbox.
I want a sex change. From ""none"" to ""some"".
My Voodoo doll would be a glazed ham wrapped in chicken feathers.
WAT DO WE WAMT ""woaw calm dowm dude"" WHEN DO WE WAMT IT ""u kno this is just a line to try ham sampels at costco right""
Bad Gun! Bad Gun!....Shame on you for making criminals do those bad things!.......And then those Forks that are making me Fat!!!
Whats 2 + 2 ? A math problem.
Taking to people about your child abuse experience is the toughest part. The last time i did it, i had to spend 7 years in jail.
Why do writers hate the bible? It has terrible characters, Noah is the only one with an arc.
2 drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. Badum tsss.
If a murderer wanted to lure me out of my room all he'd have to do is turn off my wifi cause sure as shit i'm gonna see why it aint working
ok boss, i duck taped the hostage's mouth shut ""you mean duct taped, right?"" um... *cuts to hostage with live mallard stuffed in his mouth*
Have you heard of Eats Unwanted Leftovers Man? He's the hero this city feeds
Why does China have such a large population??? Because their condoms were Made in China.
My in-laws are visiting... This is their homicide note.
*logs on* jesus christ *logs off*
If you managed to figure out the code to someone else's luggage... Could you say you solved the case?
My girlfriend just said, ""Your obsession with cats is out of control, so I've packed your bags."" I think she's kicking meeeowt.
I got banned from the sperm bank the other day... They said I couldn't come within five hundred feet of the building.
Why did the emo chicken go across the road? He was afraid to go down the tracks.
A few jokes my friend told me... What do you call a bitten apple? -An Iphone. What is bigger than an Iphone? -A brick. What is smaller than an Ipad? -An Ipad Mini.
What is 1000 laughs called? A gigglehert
Yoda is telling a joke to the Jedi Council... ""Why was six afraid of seven?"" he asks. Everyone remains silent, and he says: ""Because nine seven eight!""
I'm impressed by girls who paint their eyebrows on. How do you pick one facial expression for the whole day? Like what if you find a penny?
Life is complex... it has both real and imaginary components.
Bread goes in, toast comes out. EXPLAIN THAT, ATHEISTS!
If you are at school, and the urge to take drugs hits you... Speak to the supply teacher..
What do you call a fight between a child molester and an illegal immigrant? Alien versus Predator.
Start the day with a big bowl of why the fuck am I awake.
What do the elderly eat? Dementos
What's a bee-line ? The shortest distance between two buzz-stops !
""Hi, I'm a male feminist and just shut up for a second while I explain to you why that's so important""
What's the worst thing you can hear while giving Willie Nelson a blowjob? I'm not Willie Nelson...
A customer was due change of 22 cents so the cashier threw it at him.
My friend just bought a black chicken I bet it's a big cock.
Every Winter, one bear chooses not to hibernate. Instead, he stocks up on Sharpies and turns all of the brown bears into black bears.
I have a talent for only attracting people I have no interest in dating.
Whats the difference between racism and Asians ? Racism has many faces.
They say that it requires fewer muscles to smile than to frown... How many muscles are needed to not give a fuck?
You are so ugly when you looked in the mirror your reflection walked away.
A farmer puts his sick pig into a cold saltwater bath. Needless to say, the pig was cured.
Some girl just caught me staring at her crotch so I gave her two thumbs up. She only deserved one, but it's the holidays and shit.
Q: What kind of court order would be placed on a pig in order to prevent it from taking a specific course of action? A: An inj-oink-tion.
What was the smoking bee full of? Nicosting!
What did the ghost say to the bees? Boo Bees
All of these people are screaming like they've never seen someone revving a chainsaw on a public beach.
A man and woman are riding up in an elevator. The man looks at the woman and says ""Can I smell your pussy?"" She replies ""Hell no!"" The man says ""Well it must be your feet then.""
If a lesbian couple walks into a bar and the black bartender refuses to serve them, whose fault is it? A white male. Duh.
Watch as i slowly pull my shirt up over - wait, stuck in the too-small neckhole...struggling... Okay, dont watch.
Her:""What do you do?"" Me:""I teach astronomy."" Her:""OMG!! I'm a Sagitarius! Can you see my future?"" Me:""Yes, you'll go home alone tonight.""
Why didn't the witch wear panties.... So she could grip the broom better.
Waiter there's a fly in my soup! Surely not sir. It must be one of those vitamin bees you hear so much  about.
What's a fat kids favourite instrument? The dinner bell
Two men walk into a bar. First one says ""I'll have an H20."" Second man says, ""You know what? I'll have an H20 too."" The second man dies.
Republicans see nothing wrong with letting  their children play ""Cowboys and Indians."" Democrats don't either as long as the Indians win.
Apparently Facebook has been flying drones around in third world countries They are trying to kill everyone who isn't on facebook
Doctor Doctor I've broke my arm in two places Well don't go back there again then!
Just got a belly piercing. It's a mistletoe, I don't want any confusion on where I want your lips this Christmas.
What's the difference between cancer and black men Cancer got Jobs.
Being a Zombie doesn't sound that bad. You don't have a job and your entire day is spent looking for things to eat. Shit, I do that now.
Sorry I moaned seductively while eating a Gogurt at your bible study group.
Hey girl are you the great American West? Because you're flat and fertile
Why did Beethoven hate Mozart? Because Mozart stabbed him in the Bach.
Adam and eve just finished having sex for the first time god looks down and sees eve washing up and says "" I'm never going to get that smell out of the fish""
What is a British woman on her period? A bloody cunt.
What animal brings the most boys to the yard? The [milk snake](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milk_snake)
A grasshopper walks into an ice cream parlor The clerk says ""Hey Grasshopper, we have an ice cream flavor named after you!"" The Grasshopper says ""What? You have a flavor named Kenneth?""
Why I hate 9/11..... I hate 9/11 because my cousins died doing their favorite thing... Flying Planes.
How do you go about hiring a horse? Try two pairs of stilts!
Steve Irwin died as he lived... With nature in his heart
What is H20 Made out of? 20 hydrogen atoms.
19th Ammendment
Congratulations, Americans who write ""Cheers"" at the end of e-mails. You've found something even more pretentious than ""Sent from my iPhone""
I'm okay with selling fake ID's to minors because they're all organ donor cards.
What's the difference... between racism and Chinese people? - Racism has many faces
At least he won't annoy his co-workers every week. What did the mother and father camel name their baby born without a hump? Humphrey!
My girlfriend wasn't sure about trying anal at first But she quite liked it in the end
How many jews can you fit in a VW? Four - two in the front, two in the back, and none in the ashtray because the Holocaust never happened
""Well, I guess I'll stagger around, speak gibberish, & touch all the shit I'm not supposed to while you get irritated."" Drunks & toddlers.
I was going to make a joke about the midwest... ...but it was too corny
You got some jokes? What are some good jokes you know? I would prefer ones that aren't too raunchy.
What's the difference between terrorists and tourists? Terrorists have sympathizers.
I like women the way I like my wine... Locked up in the cellar.
Did you know that most statistics are made up? Around 93,7%
You must never begin a sentence ""I is ..."". ESL teacher: You must never begin a sentence ""I is ..."". Clever student: Please sir, what's wrong with ""I is a vowel"".
What's the most efficient fuel to use when chasing cars? Snow Petrol!
What does a German use to polish his trumpet? Toot tonic
My wife cheated on me after I told her about my watchmaker buddy... I guess I should get a big clock, too.
What does a nerd and a bad baseball player have in common? They both can't get to first base!
You know what's wild, a person can die from complications from Alzheimer's. Even Wilder, it's always in the Genes.
What do you call a leper in a jacuzzi? Stew. Bonus: what do you do if an epileptic jumps into a jacuzzi? You throw in your laundry.
""The snack that smiles back..."" ""Babies!""
Why are marines who can't swim better? They defend the ship with way more enthusiasm.
I can never write a joke without being criticized about the punchline So fuck you guys
I like to spend my Sunday night wishing it wasn't Sunday night.
TIL that although Sting has been missing for a week... The Police still have no lead
Today in 1892, JRR Tolkien was born. He wrote about all the horrible things that will happen if you put a ring on it.
My dog took his raw food upstairs and ate it in my bed. How's your night going?
Playing hide and seek in my office building because they can't fire you if they can't find you.
I think I'm going to adopt a kid.. Recycling is important, after all.
Whats the diff between EROTIC and KINKY? EROTIC is when you use a feather. KINKY is when you use the whole chicken.
What happens when you keep feeding a cow money? You get rich milk.
How did Michael Jackson pick his nose? From a catalogue. ba dum tss
An Australian drives up to a hitch hiker with one eye, no arms, and one leg And says ""Oi! You look 'armless! 'Op in!""
I just dozed off for a minute and woke up freaking out because I thought I missed my exit.
Nobody believes that my first grade teacher was named Furious Crapjacket.
I invented the upside down house. It's now a top cellar.
The week seems to go by at the speed of a snail. Unless it's the weekend. Then the snail is driving a Ferrari.
A man, his sister and his wife walk into the voting booth to vote for Donald Trump. They've both given it a lot of thought.
Where would an eccentric beverage go if it wanted to watch married couplesfight and read high quality humor columns? To the Drink Quirks Wed Fight.
What do you call an elderly nun riding a scooter? Virgin Mobile.
What's the Difference Between Trump and Garbage Garbage can be thrown out
Tonight I realized that I gaze at cheese in much the same way that first time mothers gaze at their newborns
This joke is a bit like sex ...hardly anyone here gets it.
so my brother noticed that his church uses girls as ""altar boys"" i had to tell him that not all priests are gay.
""This undercooked pasta is an absolute car crash"" What do you mean? ""It's all denty""
What is the difference between a fridge and a pussy? The fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
""Pete's coming for dinner tonight."" ""Pete from work or Pete who thinks he can walk through doors?"" [Massive thud] ""I'll just check.""
Hahaha you're killing me. ~Me to this cigarette.
I've deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone... Now it's Hans free...
Where did Saddam Hussein keep all of his CDs? In Iraq.
How does Bob Marley like his doughnuts? He doesn't, he's dead!
It's bikini season, so you're allowed to shoot bikinis as long as you have a permit.
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a drink and a mop.
This bloke said to me, ""Tim, as a young boy, was your mother very strict with you?"" I said, ""Let me make one thing absolutely clear. My mother was never a young boy.""
78, 68, 77, 69, 78, 68, 75, 65, 75, 67, 79, 60 My mom & me, changing the thermostat behind each other's backs.
Facebook needs an ""I've already seen this on Twitter"" button.
What's the difference between a magician's wand and a nightstick? One is used for cunning stunts, the other is used for stunning cunts.
I took my kids to the zoo to see exotic cats, but we couldn't find the ocelots I think we just got ocelost.
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard that he can actually alter your DNA. Decades from now your descendants will occasionally clutch their heads and scream.
The police and a hole. There is a sinkhole in the street and the police are looking into it. Oh yeah, Jerry fell in from looking to closely.
At this point I'm a little offended the lady at #Chipotle still asks what I want. This is my 4th burrito today. Bitch, I know you know me.
My girlfriend told me to stop singing ""Wonderwall"". I said Maybe!!
Whats the worse part of being a pedophile? Trying to fit in.
It's always fun running into an old friend you haven't seen in a while. But then you usually wind up regretting hitting them with a car.
Eventually we're just gonna have to accept ""ducking"" as a swear word
They say you've got to spend money to make money. Feel like there's some middle step I've been missing?
Did you hear about the farmer who did geometry? He was pro - tractor
""So, you speak German?"" ""NEIN!""
There was a four-car reck in Mexico today... 93 people died
Religion is like a penis It's OK to be proud of yours, just don't try to shove it down your children's throat.
Fifty Shades of Grey. In anticipation for the release of Fifty Shades of Grey, many theaters have installed more powerful ventilation systems to compensate for the smell.
TDIL: Why Arizona gets so hot. Because they don't observe daylight saving time the heat of the day is compressed into fewer hours.
If you press this button, you will get a piece of cheesecake but one person on earth will die so- *me already pressing button* sorry, what?
Me: I can't work today. Boss: Why? M: My grandma died. B: Our grandmas died 20 yrs ago. M: ... -Why working for your brother is a bad idea.
Why didn't the white officer shoot the black guy? Just kidding he did
I really hope we can call ninjas with red hair ""ginjas"".
[space mission studying behaviour of snakes on the moon] astronaut: ""we should've taken our own"" astronaut holding net: ""just keep looking""
The truth about Unicorn Q: Why do unicorns only let virgin women get close to them? A: Because they are horny.
My girlfriend wrote 'Will you marry me?' on a piece of paper and hid it in my sandwich. Unfortunately I didn't see it and ate the lot. Not to worry though, I pooped the question this morning.
Why didn't Stalin look both ways before he crossed the road? He was rushin'
So my wife just hit me with a ""mom joke"". She says, ""oh look, there's whiteout conditions in Washington D.C. I bet Will Smith is gonna boycott""!
GOD: Done. ANGEL: What is it? GOD: A penguin. ANGEL: So it can fly, right? GOD: This one's a swimmin' bird. ANGEL: Dude... are you ok?
What has nine arms and sucks? Def Leppard.
""To prove how much I love you I'm going to eat this entire pizza."" That's not what I - ""Please stop. Let me do this.""
Anytime Tim Tebow contemplates... ...it's a Christian Ponder. joke courtesy Michael Starrbury
I love this time of year, when the temperature changes from believing in global warming to not believing in global warming.
I love going to the gym this time of year because I'm a perfect example of what years of neglect and nachos can do to a body.
Why was Hitler doomed to fail? because jew wrongs don't make a riech
Why shouldn't you drink Pepsi or Coke before you turn 18 ? Because they are A-Rated . . . . . . (Aerated) for the dumbasses
Me: Be back after lunch! Boss: OK Me: *texts boss APRIL FOOLS LOL* *goes home, turns on baseball*
Where do ants go for their holidays ? Frants !
is it me or do old people always end their texts with extra periods? ""good seeing u today. missed u.....""
My favorite sex position is the JFK I splatter all over her while she screams and tries to get out of the car. Edit: thanks for the gold kind stranger.
Keep saying yellow and soon enough It'll sound like you're saying gullible.
""It's clear"" said the teacher ""That you  haven't studied your geography. What's your excuse?"" ""Well my dad  says the world is changing every day . So I decided to wait until it  settles down!""
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl using the bathroom? Because the P is silent.
Two potatoes are standing on the street corner, which one is the prostitute? The one that says Idaho
What do you call a dog with no legs? It really won't matter. He isn't coming anyway.
What is the cheapest meat you can buy? Deer balls...because it's under a buck.
What did God say when he saw the first black person? Ooops, I burnt one!
[Pun] Why did Henry invent the assembly line? He couldn't a-Ford not to. *bad-dum tish*
I bought Nickelback's greatest hits And it was just a blank CD.
This is incredible. My iPhone's battery has made it 3 hours without needing to be charg
me: Hi it is nice to meet u. I am Jeff date: Are u reading off notecards M: Yes sex at ur place sounds gr-wait crap these are out of order
I'm not a shout it from the rooftops kind of person, but I'll write it on a post-it and leave it lying around for people to see.
Me: This ""Fear the Walking Dead"" show is really creepy. Wife: This is the Video Music Awards.
A girl phoned me the other day and said ""Come on over, there's nobody home."" I went over. Nobody was home
Which vampire ate the three bears' porridge?  Ghouldilocks.
-What are you drinking, son? -Soy milk. -Hola milk, soy tu padre. Edit : Removed the ""es"" that was bothering everyone
My father would always tell me, ""Son, someday you will go far..."" ""and I hope to God that you stay there.""
Where do terrorists go to get a bite to eat? the Allahu snack-bar.
Just got put on a watchlist by the NSA for using the man-with-a-turban emoji.
I thought of having a threesome But then I realized that if I wanted to disappoint two people at one time I might as well have dinner with my parents
Can I have your picture, So Santa Claus knows exactly what to give me on this CHRISTMAS.
Build a man a fire... Build a man a fire and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire and he'll be warm the rest of his life.
Walk into karate dojo. Bow. Assume made up karate stance. Taser the first guy who runs at you. Bow. Exit karate dojo
My favorite pickup line is when a guy just slides an order of mozzarella sticks towards me.
I don't get the term ""Pansexual"" I mean, I like bread as much as the next guy, but c'mon!
Boss - can you pass a piss test? Me - Sure...distance or accuracy?
Did you hear they invented a new logical fallacy, the ""ad homonym"" attack? ... It's not what it sounds like.
Nothing like the dreaded ""Mom I missed the bus"" text to get you up and moving.
Why don't robots have any brothers? They all have transisters.
Ray Rice. Michael Vick. And now Adrian Peterson. Congratulations, NFL. Your woman/children/animal abuse trifecta is officially complete.
I'm rubber, you're glue, we're both living a nightmarish existence as self-aware inanimate objects. Someone please kill us.
""UNLESS WE'RE OUT OF CHEESE THERE'S NO REASON TO SCREAM LIKE THAT!"" - me to my kid whenever he throws a tantrum
What do you call a homesick Asian? Disoriented
What's the worst STD you can get from a black man? Pregnancy.
Light a fire for a man and he'll be warm for the evening. Set a man on fire and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
How do you make an idiot easily wait ? I tell you tomorrow.
And God promised men that good and obedient wives would be found in all corners of the world. Then made the earth round... and laughed...
I'm on a pepperoni pizza cleanse.
What's green and german? Snotzis.
Dinosaur joke What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Lickalottapuss
What is something that you never forget on a field trip? 9/11.
Where do girls have the curliest hair? Africa.
""Welcome to Fight Club" said the man with the rock hard abs. I looked around, clutching my kite, becoming worried.
Why did the lost tourist cross the road? The chicken looked like he knew where he was going.
I'm still waiting for the day that I will actually use x2 + why +8 [(x + 2y 2 = a-z] + 2x 3 + (- 2z = 2. 4) + 10y  5Z 3= k= 9 in real life
Anytime I get something stuck in my throat, I drink some beer. I call this the Heineken maneuver.
How did the hipster burn his tongue? He ate his pizza before it was cool
I swear to god dude, if you say ""But what if we get arrested?"" One more time you're out of the group.
I would lose weight ... But I hate losing ...
What do you call 16 white girls in a room? One whole Cherokee
I wonder how long it will be before ""You look like a million bucks"" is an insult. #inflation
Did you know that before James Gandolfini suggested the name ""The Sopranos" HBO had planned to call it ""The Lasagnas?""
The Worst Journey in the World by Helen Back
If you think nobody cares whether you're alive... try missing a couple of payments.
In a meeting. Can I go first? Thanks. Gets up and leaves.
if u disregard the teeth, shark attacks are actually kinda cute
""I am leg end"" - a foot
What do you call a tin can that's done with High School? A graduated cylinder!
Life is like toilet paper you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
Why Did The Hedgehog Cross The Road? Because he wanted to see his flat mate.
[Freddy Krueger enters my dream but I'm blasting Rebecca Black on repeat] Who's nightmare is it now Freddy?!
A lion would NEVER cheat on his mate But a Tiger Wood. XD
Stop thinking that aliens are green! I mean seriously, I saw a few brown skinned Mexicans...
My coffee tastes like dirt! What gives? It's fresh ground.
I found out I've been spelling pedo wrong for years. It's actually paedo. Always handy to spellcheck a CV.
What is a crocodile's favorite food? Post to /r/askscience asshole
Why were the racist oranges upset when they checked out the small phonebook of their new city? Because it was mini apple list.
Women are like ice cream.. They're cold at first, if you keep them warm they melt, then they get fucking sticky.
A man is on trial for beating his wife with his guitar collection The judge asks, ""first offender""? The man replies, ""No, first a Gibson
Just did 100 crunches. Crumbs everywhere.
Who handles font related crimes? A sans sheriff!
A cat, by any other name, is still a sneaky little furball that barfs on the furniture.
I'm glad twitter is new because nobody needs to see Michelangelo rt'ing every time someone mentions how majestic the Sistine Chapel is.
Dave drowned So at the funeral we got him a wreath in the shape of a lifebelt. It's what he would have wanted. (Gary Delaney)
[girl points at my scar] What happened? Oh that? Old sports injury. [flashback to me sprinting after an ice cream truck]
I have my own private jet But my mum owns the rest of the jacuzzi.
I will be posting telepathically today. So if you think of something funny, that was me.
The story of a heroic husband .... Wife to her husband - How do I look? I just came back from the beauty salon.... Husband - Well. Was it closed?
*Crosses fingers* *Fingers plan their revenge*
Q: Where does an ape sleep? A: In an apricot.
10: What does AF mean? After Flossing. Now go brush your teeth and they will be clean AF. Why do you ask? 10: Mom said you were lazy AF.
Who's aardvark's favorite male singer? Frank Sinostril!
Hutterite Jokes How did the Hutterite man find his daughter in the woods? Quite satisfying What do you call the sweat between two hutterites having sex? relative humidity
If you're walking down the street and see a teenager, don't panic
Why your oven doesn't attend an university? It already has at least hundred degrees
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew? Harry potter can get out of a chamber
They are investigating Princes death... They dusted for prince, but found him face down in the corner.
POLISH JOKE Why do Polish people keep empty bottles in their refrigerator? For people that don't want anything to drink
What was the name of the Indian DJ? Sikh Beats.
Chuck Norris is the only person who can simultaneously hold and fire FIVE Uzis: One in each hand, one in each foot -- and the 5th one he roundhouse-kicks into the air, so that it sprays bullets.
Why is my penis nicknamed Johnny Depp? Because I pirate so many pornos. Edit: I don't know how to add the nsfw tag sorry.
Why were Democrats in the lead early on? Republicans weren't off of work yet.
Why is a shooting star better than a hamburger? It's meteor.
Maybe if wommen's uteroids weren't such powerful mystery-swamps, the GOP wouldn't have to police them with #light & #K9 units.
What do you call a Mesoamerican unicorn? Unimaize
TV Anchor: I don't have my Halloween costume yet but it's going to be cool and wet! Me: Wow you go girl! TVA: turning to weather... M: Oh...
What is the difference between a blonde in a church and a blonde in the bath tub? One has hope in her soul...
I went up to Serena Williams. I said, ""Serena, what's your favourite planet?"" She said, ""It's Venus."" I said, ""Oh sorry, Venus, what's your favourite planet?""
Whenever a woman tells me that she just wants to have a good time and sleep with me, I say ""You can only pick one.""
What did the Ottoman Sultan do when he got home from campaigning? He got his dick out for his Haram bae's.
How many qataris does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they just make the nepalese do it.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Watching ""Annie"" all I could think was, ""That redhead kid is going to make a hideous adult.""
""And this is my creepy husband, John."" (The way my friend should introduce her husband)
*Sat talking to a girl at a bar* Brain: Compliment her perfume, nicely. Me: I AM SMELLING YOU Brain: Why do you hate me?
Facebook is like a prison. You look around, write on walls, and are poked by people you don't know.
Why did the polygons of Geometric Grove disapprove of their new triangle neighbor? He was a degenerate triangle.
John: we need a new word for foolishness Tom: How about johnfoolery lol John: Ok that's definitely what I'm writing down
I'll never understand the appeal of TV shows about food. To me that's like listening to the Victoria Secret Fashion Show on the radio.
""yo Adam, Eve, don't eat from that tree ok?"" ""Why God?"" ""CUZ I INSTALLED THIS SWEET BURGER KING BRO"" ""AW HELL YEAH"" *God & Adam chest bump*
Saw Helena Bonham Carter walking down Wardour Street earlier looking every inch the mystical vagabond. Was tempted to rub her head for luck.
What do you call a Frenchman that wears sandals? Phillipe Floppe Courtesy, my Neuroscience Prof.
A dung beetle walks into a bar.... The bartender asks"What's with the round faeces?""
Nothing snaps a woman into full blown CSI mode faster than an unfamiliar ponytail holder in her car.
Do not, under any circumstances, talk to my parrot!
Who is FAPMAN's greatest nemesis? The Stroker.
My first job... My first job out of college was a ""diesel fitter"" at a pantyhose factory... As they came off the line, I would hold them up and say, ""Yep, deez'll fit her!""
How did the bottle of whiskey laugh? ...wryly.
I am completely outraged by JJ Abrahms saying the next Star Wars will have an openly gay character in his science fiction franchise Star wars is Science Fantasy, not Science Fiction
Have you heard of that family fun game Beat the Parents? Talk about a double standard.
I always pick up a huge cucumber up at walmart and yell to my wife ""you said you wanted the biggest one right"" Because I'm a great husband
My poetic look on the election Roses are Red. Violets are Blue. Damn it, America! What the fuck did you do?!
'Benjamin Button.' 'BENJAMIN WHO?' 'Benjamin' 'WHO'S THERE?' 'Knock knock!'
How many sexual orientations does a physicist have? Six: Up, Down, Strange, Charm, Top and Bottom.
I'm going to confess my love to this sore throat so it'll be gone when I wake up in the morning.
What's the difference between a teenager and a radioactive element? Radioactive elements last longer.
I'm writing a television series which involves everyone smoking dope. It's a mellow drama.
4yo: What do you love most in the world? Me: You & your brother 4yo: Oh Me: What about you? 4yo: The fire tree in Plants vs. Zombies Me: Oh
My boss is marrying a Chinese woman. Is throwing rice at a Chinese wedding considered lucky or a food fight?
I heard you guys like nooses..... We should hang together!!
I made an appointment for laser hair removal then remembered that I don't have any laser hair.
Why the Spainish love English class.... Essays
What did the host serve his guests for The Simpsons marathon night? Disco Stew!
I don't trust stairs They're always up to something
I was banging my neighbors wife, doggy style, when her husband came home... She said, ""OH MY GOD, use the BACKDOOR!!"" I should've left at that point, but you don't get an offer like that every day...
What does Paddy Irishman says when he meets a one legged jockey? How're you gettin' on?
Why did the poor art collector only buy miniature paintings? He wanted more Monet in his wallet.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
People always say I make things sound sexual but I try not to pry them open and force my thick throbbing opinion down inside them.
If a tree falls in a forest and nobody is there to hear it... do the other trees laugh at it?
Russia's Three Steps to Homework Step 1. Putin it off Step 2. Stalin Step 3. Russian to finish
Knock knock joke Knock knock Whos there Broken Pencil Broken Pencil who Never mind...its pointless!
It's Black Friday, and I just got an iPhone 6 for my wife I thought it was a good trade. Thanks to /u/darcyboy on this one!
Lazy is a strong word. I prefer to say that the stars are reaching for me
If you get nervous during sex, just pretend like everyone watching you is naked.
Was kicked out of Walmart today. When I walked in I saw a ""Wet Floor"" sign. So I did.
Why should I date you? Girl - Give me 1 good reason, why I should date you? Guy - I'll give you 69.
The legend say: When a woman is giving birth almost can feel the pain of a man with the flu.
I have an idea for a make-your-own hotdog place It's called ""What's the Wurst That Could Happen?""
What do you call the action of a banker buying weed? A dank transaction
Skills can be taught. Character you either have or you don't have.
How does an Alzheimer's patient celebrate New Years? Kissing strangers.
MAXIM MAGAZINE: BECAUSE YOU'RE TERRIFIED OF NIPPLES
I hate eating vegetables. The wheelchair doesn't go down easy.
RIP evaporated water.... ...You will be mist
Why is it so hard to pull over on the Pirate Highway? Because there's a parrot on the shoulder.
'Cracker' is racist. They should be called Crispy Baked Squares.
.@WebMD Should blood basically be cascading out of my nose when I look at the sun ?
If monogamy is sex with only one person, what is origami?
What do you plant ... What do you plant, to grow a really big plant that has nothing wrong with it? Dyslexic acorns. They grow into A-ok trees.
[Request an Explanation] Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a pencil. What does this joke mean?
A construction crew was converting an old road near a chicken coupe back to farmland... Comedians slaughtered the construction crew, and the jokes continued.
""I'm telling you, it's all or nothing" the exterminator explains to Noah, ""I can't just leave 2 woodworm. It doesn't work like that.""
This orgy would be a lot more fun if the people would loosen up and quit calling it an ""elevator"".
A router goes into a doctor's office and says, ""It hurts when IP.""
""Hey Pop"" pleaded Angelo ""can I go to the zoo to see the monkeys?""  ""What's the matter with you?"" asked his father.  ""Why would you wanna go see the monkeys when your Aunt Maud is here?""
how many months have 28 days in them . All of them.
My friend David had his ID stolen So now I just call him Dav.
Greatest Hipster Joke Of All Time How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool!
How do you get Pikachu on a bus? You poke 'em on!
Guy getting test results from his doctor and the doctor says ""we have some good news and some bad news"" ""The good news is, we're going to name a disease after you""
*Meanwhile at a restaurant* Waiter: Welcome sir, would you like a table? Me: So kind of you, I wouldn't mind. *Picks table and walks out*
Stop with the blind jokes ... I don t see the point.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court? He heard the ref was blowing fouls
Him: You're a DJ? I'm not one for dancing. I've got this leg, you see? I've had it since the war. Me: How long have you had the other one?
What do you call a 45 pound Ethiopian? Fat.
I get it. True beauty comes from within. But until true beauty can wear lingerie and give a mean lap dance, I may have a few shallow moments
As I get older I realize my penis is like Jesus. It takes 3 days to reserect after a good beating.
What's another name for floor pie? 3.
Men ask us if we're naked when we tell them we're taking a bath. THAT'S why they pay more for their car insurance.
""Oh no. This sucks. I'm gonna put it in a movie."" - hundreds of directors while watching 9/11, apparently
Did you hear about the new machine that creates earthquakes? It was groundbreaking.
What happened to the cow who jumped over the barb wire fence? Udder destruction
What did the Duracell Bunny get arrested for? Assault and battery
Why is Donald Trump always seen with Melania? Because all his other wives support Hilary
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb? They don't. They arrest it for being broke and they beat the room for being black.
A good education is pretty important, but I think being good looking might be more importanter.
Fetish... I have a fetish for switching on air conditioning units. It gives me vent elation.
The woman next to me on this rollercoaster won't stop screaming. Its like she's never seen a penis before.
The possibility that I hit REPLY ALL haunts every email I've ever sent.
Why are ghosts always dehydrated? They have a lot of boos but no water
What stopped winter from coming? Winterfell and it can't get up.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten.
Donald Duck is far too angry for somebody who never has to suffer pants.
I heard that #TheDress debate has already destroyed 18 relationships. These people probably shouldn't be breeding anyway.
78% of parenting is spent anxiously praying they don't notice the minuscule lego piece you just vacuumed up.
What do you call a gay Jamaican? A Pokemon.
Out of all Katherine Heigl films, I enjoyed the one where she starts with being a prude but ends up having fun with a guy and falls in love.
I upset a Jehovah's Witness at work today... ...he started telling me a knock-knock joke, but I wouldn't answer.
Have you heard of the new constipation movie? it hasn't come out yet.
When someone tries to tell me they can't do something, I'm like ""you ever hear of the Power of Grayskull?""
I hate jokes that leaves you hanging. They [Deleted]
The year is 2057. iPhone 742 is released. The screen touches you.
Guy Fieri's parents were two lyrics websites
I just noticed ""Glue sticks"" is a name for some stationery but also just a fact.
Knock knock...
Why do Irish women have small nipples? If they were any bigger their babies would get alcohol poisoning.
joe: siri address me as poopyhead siri: okay poopyhead *obama enters* barack: joe have you seen my phone? joe: yep here *runs away giggling*
Why did the book join the police? He wanted to work undercover.
My wife was diagnosed with multiple personality disorder... And, just my luck, not one of them likes sucking cock.
""I kid you not"" -Abortion doctor.
QWOP must be what it's like to run for autistic people.
why do females love old gynecologists... because of their shaky fingers
I love my FedEx guy cause he's a drug dealer and he doesn't even know it  and he's always on time.
Men look at boobs for the same reason women look at puppies in cages. We just want to set them free and play with them.
If I rape a prostitute, Is it shoplifting?
Say what you will about Vlad the Impaler He was one hell of a proctologist.
An English professor sees a gorgeous blond at a party . . . ""Pardon me" he says, ""but do you enjoy Kipling?"" ""Gee, I don't know" says the blond. ""I've never kippled before.""
Damn girl are you a pair of sexy knickers??? You're cute on the outside but you're only covering a c*nt
What's the difference between a Southern wedding and a Southern tornado? Nothing - either way someone's gonna lose a trailer *shamelessly stolen from Robin Williams
What do you call a computer that sings? A Dell
My girlfriend isn't talking to me because apparently I ""ruined"" her birthday... ..I'm not sure how that's possible, I didn't even know it was her fucking birthday.
How do you Circumcise a whale? Send down four skin divers.
If I die before I wake, I pray the lord will clear my browsing history.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
I'm at an awkward weight I'm fat enough to not look good with my shirt off, but not fat enough for it to become part of my charm. I'm caught between a rock and a lard place.
OMFG there is a horse in the corridor! Then my wife must still be in the manege.
According to my neighbor's journal, I have ""boundary isues.""
What kind of blaster would you ambush Darth Vader with? I would use a sandblaster.
Where does Vladimir keep his shit? In his poo tin
What do you call 256 Shades of Grey? Grayscale
*holds up 2 ties* which one, I have a big meeting today ""both are nice"" [wife calls later] ""how'd it go"" well, wearing 2 ties was a disaster
I always order my burgers from Sonic He always gets them to me the fastest
I used to think drinking alcohol was bad for me... So I gave up thinking.
What do you get if you cross a mosquito with a mountain climber? Nothing  you can't cross a vector with a scaler.
What do you call a huge pile of cats? A Meowntain
The real heroes are the people who don't call back when you accidentally call them and only let it ring once.
When I was younger, I always felt like I was a man trapped in a woman's body. Thankfully, it all changed when I was born.
The bison was declared as USA's national mammal Hearing these news, the Republicans breathed a sigh of relief - at least it's not gayson
Unless you can be Batman, always be yourself.
If King Kong went to Hong Kong to play  ping-gong and died what would they put on his coffin? A lid.
I'd kill a two-year-old... ...to get with Casey Anthony
""Knock Knock."" ""Who's there?"" ""It's the Police, sir."" ""You'll have to wait, I'm having a shit."" ""We know, Sir, the Phone Box has glass sides!""
The Dominos ""tracker"" says Ashley just left with my pizza so I only have a few minutes to get naked. Just glad it's not Brad... ...again.
Cats are not mentioned in the Bible because they wrote it.
What do you call a guy who screams, ""I love you, mom!"" every time he climaxes? Me.
He already ruined your mascara, don't let him ruin your night.
So I went to a zoo the other day.... But all they had was a dog It was a shih tzu
If you see me smiling it's because I'm thinking of doing something evil or naughty. If you see me laughing it's because I've already done it.
I can't prove it, but from the sound of it, I'm pretty sure there's an injured dolphin stuck in my dishwasher.
Why did the farmer name his pig Ink? Because he kept running out of the pen.
It takes a real man to be a juggler You've got to have balls to do it
Which part of a billiards setup can you use to clean your ears? The cue tip.
The Titanic was a German philosopher... It got famous for sinking.
My mother told me that I took everything for granite. Apparently our house was made of sandstone.
My mum at night: Good night, sweet dreams I love you.  My mum in the morning: Wake the fuck up you lazy piece of shit.
I dropped my phone when my friend accidently bumped my arm. It didn't break but for a moment I saw her whole life flash in front of my eyes.
I was going to make a dubai joke But all the good ones are overused, emirate?
What do you call clothes for a car? A tire.
I haven't had anything to eat all year. It's 12:01 January 1st where I am
You know what they say about a man with average sized feet. It's really easy to find shoes for him.
[Game of Thrones] What happens if Ramsay Bolton met Samwell Tarly's girlfriend? Gilly suit
My friend came over and left his laptop on the floor. My mother thought it was a scale. Conclusion: My mother weighs 950 dollars.
[Bowling Alley] ""I'm sorry sir, but we don't have any bowling shoes left"" *gestures towards a happy family of centipedes bowling*
What's the difference between an orphanage and a beach ball? You won't go to prison for blowing up a beach ball.
What's Donald Trump's favorite dance move? Hit the Juan
There are only 10 types of people in the world: Those who understand binary, and those who don't
Why get thinner when you can get more dinner?
what do 9 out of 10 people enjoy? gang rape
What percentage of police officers are strippers and what percentage of strippers are police officers? I'm confused.
How do you know if someone has run a marathon? Don't worry, they'll tell you.
Take a day off. Pamper yourself. Visit a spa. Pour melted wax on ur body. Rip the hair out by the roots. Inject poison into ur face. Relax.
Send message without subject? Yes, Gmail. f$ck off.
I went to a feminist convention. Everything was good, except for one thing. Nobody made sandwiches.
I interviewed for a new secretary today and the last girl blew it. So, she starts tomorrow.
What's the difference between a punchline and a cute girl? Sometimes I get the punchline :(
What will people say when Prince Charles dies? Long live the Queen.
If a child is scared of pedophiles, He should grow up
INTERVIEWER: your resume says that you take things too literally ME: how the hell did my resume say that?
What do hurricanes most like to eat for dessert?  -Candy Canes
Sometimes instead of saying ""For Example"", I'll say something such as ""such as"", for example.
Raise your hand if this is your first time under a helicopter. Ah, sorry to make an example of you Johnson, but that's why we never do that.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Chair ! Chair who? Chair you go again asking more questions !
To be honest She: You cannot find another girl like me Me: I'm not looking for another one like you
What's the most Jewish instrument? The Sachs
""How many people work at your company?"" About half of them.
Thought about putting a diabetic joke but... Some people think they are insul'in
Why did James Gandolfini die of a heart attack? Because he was fat.
Why do women have orgasms? Just another reason to moan really.
What happened to the dwarf who walked between a lady's legs? He got a clit around the ear and a flap on the face.
Last night on stage at the strip club ... ...was the ugliest woman I've ever seen. She danced up to me and said ""Hey handsome, what would you like me to take off first?"" ""My glasses"" I said
A Febreze commercial but with pot head teenagers trying not to get busted by their parents that had just walked in the house.
Well, look on the bright side... At least they won't be talking about that gorilla anymore.
I wanted to make a joke about transgenders... ...but I don't have the balls to do it. Not anymore anyway.
Q: What do you call a swimming pool full of blondes? A: Frosted Flakes.
The thermostat was invented 125 years ago, but I have yet to work in an office with one that has anything but Africa and Sibera as settings.
You can't know a person well until you live with them. You can't know them really well until you divorce them.
I was walking through town yesterday, when I came across a large black man with a mohawk and jewellery. He said, ""I piy the fool."" I said, ""Hey, you missed a T.""
Did you hear about the man with five penises? His pants fit like a glove
What do you call an airplane that has sex with both men and women? A biplane.
How do Russians in the taiga make fun of each other online? -bullying
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job.
What's Hillary's favorite pizza place? Little Seizures Edit: credit to Joe Biggs @rambobiggs
A cell's sister stepped on the cell's toe. ""Mitosis""
You know why men die earlier than women? Because we WANT to!
[stacks of books on floor] Impressive, son. [son places pizza on one stack, soda & cookies on others] ""Yep
What do you call a dinosaur that's in a hurry? A Prontosaur.
What does the Israeli Defense Force call their firebombs? Mazel-tov Cocktails
Who dropped a wad of notes with an elastic band round them? I did! Well here's the elastic band.
Puts cardboard cutout of myself at my desk a week ago* Receives check* Dang I just got a raise
Sure, Canada, feel safe now while US is just after oil. Wait 'til we run low on beer, ice, hockey players & f'd up ways to pronounce words.
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick.
The poodle said to the german shepherd.. ""Hey, you're foaming at the mouth! Do you have rabies?"" The german shepherd smiled and calmly replied ""Nah. I just got done blowing myself.""
What is a paranoid man's favorite food? Who wants to know?
What do you call a cow with three legs? Tri-tip. What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef. What do you call a cow with one leg? Steak. What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
I have a test on Islam next period in my World Cultures class... I'm gonna bomb it.
A man has been arrested after a bungled attempted at the theft of a combine harvester, during which he fell into the working parts of the machine. Police expect him to be bailed tomorrow.
I think unscented candles are bullshit... cuz every candle smells like something's burning. (Best read in a Hedberg voice.)
I don't know why they run marathons in Germany.... They have a history of not finishing races.
How do you circumcise a redneck... Uppercut his sister in the jaw.
I once dated a girl with a wandering eye... ...but she was seeing somebody on the side.
I'm so terrible at Chess. The only way I'll ever get to say ""Checkmate"" is if I eat at a restaurant in Australia.
Children give terrible gifts because they're poor.
Sign in a Chinese Pet Store: ""Buy one dog, get one flea...""
What's the definition of a will? (It's a dead giveaway)
I saw a guy walking 4 dogs this morning and thought, Wow!.. That guy must be really blind.
How hard do you need to press someone's boob to ooze out milk ? About tree fiddy.
What do you call fat dubstep? Chubby wubby
Knock knock ""Hey Walter, wanna hear a joke?"" ""Sure"" ""Knock kno- "" ""I AM THE ONE WHO KNOCKS!!!""
How many black people does it take to change a light bulb? You can't tell it's in the dark
Want to hear a short joke? A midget walks under a bar.
A German woman is walking down the street.  Eleven blonde guys walk up and attack her.  She screams ''Nein! Nein!'' So two guys walk away.
Hey 300lb lady, stop bragging about your cup size. It doesn't count when your entire body is double D.
""My wife's having a relationship with the Speaker of the House of Representatives"" ""Boehner?"" ""No, she assures me it's completely platonic.""
This Dollar Store thesaurus sure is coming in... *shuffle shuffle* ...hippopotamus.
I managed to lose 245lbs of unsightly flesh... Divorced the wife.
In olden times, sacrifices were made at the altar. A practice that still continues
What do you call a white guy surrounded by 5 black guys? Coach.
Went to the zoo and the only animal there was a good looking dog... It was a pretty shih tzu
Twitter: Cause why drunk dial one person when you can drunk dial the world?
[shopping] [wife being a real pain] Me: *hands her the broom we just bought* You want me to carry this? Or do you want to drive it home?
Hey let's meet somewhere for drinks and text the people we'd rather be hanging out with.
What do Marie Curies Notebooks and a defected KGB agent have in common? They both won't be investigated very closely.
Yet another day I failed to wake up as a giant cockroach
I used to steal Mitch Hedberg jokes and post them here for karma I still do, but I used to as well
What does it cost for a pirate to get his ear pierced? A buck-an-ear
Coworker: I was named after my grandfather. Me: Of course you were, he was born first.
My mind is exceptionally quiet.... I'm suspicious that I'm up to something i dont want myself to know about.
What do you get if you cross a Phyllis with a Christine? A Philistine with two mommies ...
HER: I hate you ME: Hate is such a strong word [cut to hate benching 300 lbs] HATE: *whispering* I will be the strongest word ever
What kind of music do wind turbines listen to? They're huge metal fans.
Are these the Americans? No. Are these the Americans? No. Are these the Americans? No. - watching the Olympics with my wife
My boss just told me that I'm doing the work of three men... Moe, Larry and Curly
A beggar once asked me, ""Any change?"" I said, ""Nope. You're still broke.""
What does Mr. T say when he sees a fat lady at a bar? I pity the stool!
Doctor doctor I keep thinking I'm a telephone. Doctor: Why's that? I keep getting calls in the night.
What is the definition of a farmer? Someone who is outstanding in his field. *hehehe* Credit: Laffy Taffy
Accidentally pressed the soap dispenser instead of the toothpaste. Mouth feels clean but I don't think I'll be able to curse today. Shucks.
*Jesus looks over bill from last supper* ""It looks like a fair tip would be about 30 silver."" ""I got this!"" Judas yells, almost too quickly.
Remember the game where you would take turns yelling, ""Penis!"" in public? Life was so simple before 9/11.
What did one ocean say to the other? Nothing, they just waved.
If I was a Quidditch player I'd be the Seeker, because I'm really, really good at doing basically nothing until the very end of something.
the 80 year old lady paying w/ exact change and coupons behind me in line is pissed bc the credit card chip reader is taking too long
WOW! You do a dazzling imitation of a blithering idiot! Oh... You're being serious, about your love for your TC? Oh dear, this is awkward.
There was a man who entered a local newspaper's pun contest. He sent in ten different puns, in the hope that at least one of the puns would win. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.
What's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an arsehole? Barack Obama's Tie
I called one of those numbers in the bathroom stall and my wife answered. Very funny guys.
What do Dale Earnhardt and Adolf Hitler have in common? They both died before finishing a race.
HOT local grizzly bears dying to eat YOU!
Life is like a penis.. Women make it harder..
You know what I don't get? Jobs.
The past, present and future walk in to a bar... It was tense.
Some people say I have a very short attention spanish is a very beautiful language.
How does Hitler organize his juice? By concentration
How did Luke always know what Darth was getting him for Christmas? He felt his presents...
While watching Hangover 2 the other day, I say to my friend, ""I wonder where they're going in the third one?"" ""Straight to DVD.""
I could tell you a joke about TCP.... But I'd have to keep repeating it until you got it.
What does a neckbeard eat for breakfast? Pankeks.
Guys, if you buy ANY woman clothing, & you don't get her a size S with a gift receipt, you're an asshole.
What do you call a three humped camel? Pregnant. (Credit goes to the trailer of Zootopia)
Two sowing machines are sitting in a bar.. And one says, *""Are you a singer?""* Then the other replies, *""Why? Janome?""*
I don't understand why fat people get so much hate? They have love handle's not hate handle's
Who's the first Irishman to come outside every Spring? Patty O'Furniture
I'm planning on ringing the new year in with a kiss ... whether my dog likes it or not.
What's the Difference Between a Hormone and a Pheromone? You can't hear a pheromone.
Any question is a hard hitting question when it's written on a brick and thrown full force at your face.
I think we should elect Bernie. When Isis hears a Jew is president they will all have heart attacks and die.
A man walks into a bar... The bartender says, 'I am fucking done with all these jokes!'.
What do gay horses eat? Cock
Cheap date idea: cut open a pack of hotdogs & squeeze the juice over your lover's body then summon a peregrine falcon with your mind.
Have you ever had African food? Neither have they.
The Sun is similar to Beer Sun rises in the east and sets in the west. Beer rises in yeast and sets in the waist .
test :notes:
Did you hear about the monster who had an extra pair of hands? Where did he keep them? In a handbag.mons
They call my sister the Titanic because she once went down on a bunch of Irish peasants
The lottery gives you about a 1 in 200 million chance you won't be going to work tomorrow. Alcohol will give you a 1 in 5. #PowerballFever
Why do so many girls wear sweaters that say 'SuperDry'... It's not like us boys wear sweaters saying 'micropenis'
What doesn't kill you, forces me to reload.
Offense: When it's a legal matter, it's pronounced o-FENCE. When it's sports, it's pronounced OFF-ence. Climbing... ? A fence.
How do you tell a dyslectic to take the left turn on the road? Turn toward your side!
A waffle is just a more considerate pancake. It's like, here, let me hold that syrup for you in these convenient boxes.
What do you call the urge to crack open a cold one? Necrophilia.
Let's get married and have kids so instead of doing fun stuff on the weekend we can go to a kid's birthday party where everyone coughs.
Two retirees meet in a cafe. The first retiree says, ""Hey Stan! I didn't see you at the doctor's yesterday. Are you sick?""
*beats arachnophobia* *trips over child dressed as Spider-Man* *fears spiders again*
What is the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts are a buck fifty, but deer nuts are under a buck!
What do you do when you see a spaceman? You park in it, man.
Fun trick: Swap guacamole with wasabi, then watch.
HEY GUYS I'M AT NXNE! WHERE THE HELL IS EVERYBODY?
My dad gave me the best advice ever. ""Before you marry a woman, meet her mother and you'll know what your wife will be like in 30 years time"" I learned she won't be giving me head or anal.
Pretty fed up with the fact that pandemonium almost NEVER involves pandas.
Why did the bike not go to the gym? BECAUSE IT WAS TOO TIRED :D:D:D:D:D:D
After twin sisters plummeted off a Hawaii cliff, one died. The other was charged with murder. Just goes to show if you can't take the sting out of a bee, take the bee from the ... sting.
I like to help my children think up cruel nicknames for the other kids at their school.
Why are Dutch people so tall? The short ones drowned in the floods
Scott Stapp thinks he's Bono. Six Feet From The Edge.
My wife told me to kiss her like if we were in a soap opera I hugged her tight, kissed her with passion and then slapped her because how dare she?!
What did the homeless man get for christmas ? Hypothermia.
Time to ban High Capacity Assault Vehicles? how else could we stop this?
How do you put an elephant in the refrigerator? Open the door. Put in the elephant. Close the door.
Why do North Korean statesmen make for bad lovers? Because they won't hold a public erection.
What did one tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.
My ex was orphan as a child I should have taken that as the first sign. If her parents didn't want her, why would I.
Neil never had a girlfriend... So Neil Armstrong.
Coworker left himself signed in to LinkedIn and now his skills include ""mouth breathing"".
Saw a bug crawling on my arm and my reaction can only be described as ""grabbing for swirling dollars inside a plexiglas Cash Cube.""
I am on a seafood diet Every time I see food, I eat it.
hope no vids surface of the time i opened a bag of potato chips and one flew out and hit me in the eye
They say I have cancer and Alzheimers... But at least I don't have cancer!
Maybe installing Freudian Autocorrect was not the breast idea.
Me: Your cat looks pregnant Friend: Impossible it's an indoor cat Me: What have you done
Life is like a bunch of chocolates It doesn't last long when you're fat.
I long for the innocence of youth, back when I was happy just playing with a slinky all day Things are so different now. It's like, 3...4 hours tops and I'm bored with the thing.
What do cannibals put in their soup? Ramen! -------- Before you judge harshly, I would like to state that this was invented by a six year old, all on his own, no coaching.
What goes dot dot dash squeak ? Mouse code !
Why do people in France have to eat frog legs that ""taste like chicken""? If they eat real chicken they'll be arrested for cannibalism. Edit: grammar
Don't do the pathetic baby talk when talking to the baby. They don't understand you any better. You don't go up to a dog and start barking.
What do you call an openly gay detective? Surecocks Holmes
When a woman says, ""I'm NOT crazy"" *clapping her palms together per syllable* That's universal for, ""You're going to die.""
What is the biggest key when moving a piano up a flight of stairs? Be sharp or Be flat.
Did you hear about the country adopting a ""Get to it Later"" policy? I guess you could say it's a procrasti-NATION
I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane.
Q. Why was Goliath so surprised when David  hit him with a slingshot? A. The thought had never entered his head before.
You know what's the only difference between Martin Luther King day and St. Patrick's day? Everybody wants to be Irish on St. Patrick's day.
What is the difference between a English actuary and a Sicilian actuary? An English actuary can tell you how many people are going to die next year. A Sicilian actuary can give you their names...
My 3yo said Cheese is her favorite place. I don't know if I should be worried that she thinks cheese is a place or sad because it's not.
Nestle has taken to putting ""Do not consume raw cookie dough"" on all of it's cookie packages Oh, Nestle You don't know me at all, do you?
Two guys walk into a bar... Don't you think the second guy would have ducked?
What do you call a man with a nose but no body? nobody knows
When you first meet a potential partner, slap them in the face. That way, later on in the relationship they cant say, 'you don't treat me like you used too!'
I stole a wolf pup from a rundown wildlife refuge. Turns out it was just a Shih Tzu.
""Mom, I'm here to make your boobs big."" - smiling 3 yr old comes out of garage with a bike pump.
Yo mama so lazy she's got a remote  control just to operate her remote!
In Defense of James Buchanan: Rehabilitating an American President (lol no)
Getting grey hair hurts less when you say you're sprouting tinsel instead.
I just love rehydrated raisins They're grape.
I asked my Welsh friend how many times he'd had sex... He started counting then fell asleep.
What's Moby Dick's dads name? Poppa Boner
I tell people I broke my neck playing sports but it was actually from flicking my ponytail to unleash ancient curses.
What goes 'peck bang peck bang peck bang' ? A bunch of chickens in a field full of balloons !
Even today this is still the best one I know Obama got elected twice.
What is better than Porn? HD Porn
Who has more money than God? His Ex-Wife.
They say Curiosity killed the cat Why there was a cat on Mars we'll never know.
""Some say Jesus drove a Honda, but didn't like to talk about it"" ""For I did not speak of my own Accord..."" - John 12:49
A nasty little joke Q: How can you make a gay man fuck a woman? A: By shitting in her cunt.
What do you call it when you lease false teeth? A dental rental.
Things I Hate: slow internet connection and monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday and half of friday.
I asked to switch seats on a plane because I was sat next to a screaming baby. Apparently that's not allowed if the baby is yours.
I was gonna make a joke on Reddit.. .. but I guess you've already Reddit somewhere.
All the workers at the nuclear reactor plant left work. They left a sign at the door. What did it say? Sorry! Gone fission.
People are weird. Everyone knows door handles spread disease, but whenever I ask a business owner if I can clean his knob I get thrown out.
What did the mexican say when he hugged a cactus Ay, Ay, Ay, Ayy
Why could the chef not cook a tree branch? Because he used a non-stick pan.
*Kanye West's dating show* 10 women stand in front of me and I only have 9 roses. BUT WAIT... They're all for me *Kanye wins dating show*
When you order a Coke and are asked if Pepsi is OK should be considered a hate crime.
So I went to the proctologist.... [insert joke here]
I got infatuated with a pizza. I thought it was just a *crust*. But damn, it was love at first *slice*
How many divorced men does it take to change a light bulb?......No one knows they never keep the house!
Did you know John Denver had dandruff? Yeah, after his plane went down they found his Head and Shoulders washed up on a beach.
Politics is an ""I'm not an asshole"" contest for assholes.
What do you call a black guy who just graduated from medical school? Doctor, you racist son of a bitch.
I'm concerned that little girls are being taught it's okay to eat.
*drives motorized scooter into meeting I'm late for, around the conference table, and out the door*
When people say they did something ""like a boss"" I just picture them doing it fatter and with less hair
I'm going out of this world the way I came in it... Inside a drunk college drop out covered in the blood of an unborn twin.
There's a fine line between a numerator and a denominator. Only a fraction of people will find this funny.
I cheated on my girlfriend once. I was playing monopoly and I took some money from the bank when she wasn't looking. Then I went upstairs and fucked her sister.
Jesus and the blind man... What did Jesus say after he healed the blind man? Made you look!
I dated a guy in a band for two months before I realised he was just a sexy mop.
What do you call Minecraft in Germany? NEIN-CRAFT!
""The shortest distance between two points is a straight line"" Triggered. Discriminates against gay lines.
Well r/boobs is still working fine!
Police responded to a call where the husband was beating his wife with a flashlight... The man was charged with assault
My family seemed kinda happy that the rice I made yesterday fell on the floor before I could serve it tonight.
Chuck Norris is widely predicted to be first black president. If you're thinking to yourself, ""But Chuck Norris isn't black"", then you are dead wrong. And stop being a racist.
According to my neighbor's rooster, it's 5am now. Also according to my neighbor's rooster, we're having fried chicken for dinner tomorrow.
Why can't the hydraulic press guy bring himself to crush a can of sprite? Because it's soda pressing
A psychic goes to buy clothes Employee: how about this one? Psychic: That top is too small Employee: You didn't even try it on Psychic: I'm a medium
A man enters a library A man goes to the library and asks for a book on how to commit suicide. The librarian responds ""Fuck off, you're not gonna bring it back.""
What is Donald Trump's favourite nation? Discrimination
Civil War Jokes you say? I General Lee don't find them funny
Yo momma Is so fat, that she has her own event horizon!
""You can't stand there."" ""Not there, either."" ""Nope that spot's taken, too."" -Ground hogs
What do you get when you cross a mosquito and a rooster? An itchy cock
Every time I go to get an HIV test, I'm convinced it's going to come back positive And every time, I'm right.
Four blonds walk into a bar... ...cheering ""85 Days! 85 Days!"" A gentleman inquires ""Excuse me, but what's '85 days?'"" The blonds reply ""We completed a puzzle in 85 days and the box says 2-4 years!""
Our Faults ""Once a friend of mine and I agreed that it would be helpful for each of us to tell the other all our faults"" ""How did it work ?"" ""We haven't spoken for five years"".
Birds do it. Bees do it. Even educated fleas do it. Let's do it. Let's fly into a window.
What's the difference between jews and girl scouts? The girl scouts come back from the camp.
I asked Arnold Schwarzenegger why he hasnt upgraded his computer to Windows 10.. He said ""I still love Vista baby!""
I just found spaghetti in our heating ducts if any of you were thinking of having children.
How Do You Create Artificial Intelligence? Dye a blonde's hair.
Why did Frodo set his phone to vibrate? He was afraid the ring would give him away.
i talk to dumb ppl the same way i talk to a puppy... ""who's blocking the exit?? WHO? who's blockin' the way!?! YOU are! yes you are!!!""
Sometimes I put a vase of flowers outside to let other flowers know that if they try to be prettier than me, I'll cut their legs off too.
Today, my teacher stated that he used to work for NASA. He told that class that he became a teacher because it paid more.
How many Nice Guys does it take to change a light bulb? None, they just complement the bulb and get pissed that it won't screw
I became a vegetarian yesterday. I regret it already, I guess you can say it was a missed steak.
Q: What is the tallest building in the entire world? A: The library, because it has so many stories.
What do you call a spoiled sausage? A brat-wurst.
A termite walks into a bar... And asks ""Is the bartender here?""
I remember when Halloween was the scariest night of the year. Now, it's Election night.
[describing criminal to sketch artist] He had the damp chest of a man with an excessive lisp. He was eating a newspaper.
Robin Hood and Little John walking through the forest... Have fun getting that song out of your head.
What did the clam say when a crab attacked him? Kelp!
Show me a gay married couple And I'll show you a couple that hasn't been married 25 years.
1. Put on red T-shirt. 2. Remember that I need to go to Target today. 3. Take off red T-shirt.
I'm basically only good at three things: 1. Programming 2. Counting
What Do Ghosts Like To Stare At? BooBees.
A small village soup chef tried to make a bit of extra money on the side, selling boullion cubes laced with marijuana... It was the laughing stock of the whole town.
What do you call a smelly fellow that makes bad jokes? Pungent
Curb stomping your enemies and having the last thing they see in their pointless lives be your Skechers lighting up >>>>
Boy in the hospital, dying of cancer and grandma misplaces her glasses at the store and buys the first card she finds ""Get Good Soon"" [8]
Every time Nicki Minaj tells someone their voice isn't good enough on Idols, someone is crushed to death by the weight of the irony.
I'm going to run a marathon next year. It's a huge challenge, but 26 miles in 365 days is definitely doable.
I told one of my coworkers who happens to be Mexican that he better hope Trump doesn't become president... Or else he'll be hiding out in his attic like Anne Frank.
A little kid's in school taking a true-false test and he's flipping a coin. At the end of the test he's flipping the coin again. The teacher says ""What are you doing?"" He says ""Checking my answers.""
New cardboard AIDS test if your skin is darker than a piece of cardboard you probably have AIDS.
What's the difference between an immigrant &amp
new password. I was trying to come up with a new password for one of my sites, jokingly I typed in 'mypenis'. Message came back, 'sorry not long enough
Dads: what times your flight? Sons: 4pm Dads: id get there at 8am
Today I will be communicating exclusively through farts and meows
Q: Why did the Boy Scout take up the  banjo? A: They make good paddles.
As the wise Confucius once said.... If you drop watch in toilet, you have shitty time
""Do you want to be the numerator or the denominator tonight...? You're so radical!"" How I hit on my imaginary mathematician girlfriend
BABY COW: [points at human] What's that? OLDER COW: That is a milk dracula
There is a new Barbie doll on the market -  Barbie-Got-Run-Over-by-a-Reindeer ...an excellent Holiday gift idea
My wife... It's difficult to say what she does... She sells seashells on the seashore.
I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago... ...so far, all it's been doing is gathering dust...
I had an eight course Irish dinner tonight. A six pack of beer, a potato, and a glass of whiskey to finish it off.
What stories are told by basketball players ? Tall stories !
What do you call a virgin redneck? A 7 year old who can run faster than her brothers.
I've thought long and hard, and have decided on my New Year's resolution. 3840x2160
How many redditors does it take to screw in a new lightbulb? Zero. Somebody already did it.
To any ex-military that live on my street I apologize for whatever messages we may be sending, 2yo has discovered light switches
Ordinarily, staring is creepy. But if you spread your attention across many individuals, then it's just people watching.
Looking at cows in a field, how can you tell which one's on holiday? It's the one with the wee calf. (Think Scottish)
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate? Because of the silent P.
Airbags should deploy in the form of balloon animals. Sure, you've been in an accident, but now you have a whimsical puppy dog.
Me: Jimi Hendrix? Daughter: Who? Me: Beatles? Daughter: Who? Me: Doors? Daughter: Who? Me: Justin Bieber? Daughter: Hate him. Me: Thank God.
Why could Don Juan always pick up girls in his car? It was electric. Also, the car had a set of hands.
I think the government just un-friended us.
Pretty cool that there's no law saying you can't name your kid Squidward if you want.
What does a feminist and a tampon have in common? They're both stuck up cunts.
What did the dentist say to the golfer? ""You have a hole in one. ""
Doctor: Did you know that there are more than 1000 bones in the human body? Larry: Shhh doctor! There are three dogs outside in the waiting room!
I can't fall asleep/So I think of some haikus/I should go tweet one!
What did one autumn leaf say to another? I'm falling for you.
This one time, I went to prison, but I got out without a scratch- I beat off all the other prisoners
Condoleeza Rice's less successful sister is Apartmentleeza Rice.
I wish someone would hold me and tell me that everything is gonna be okay and then just kinda turn into like $20,000 in cash.
My favorite Knock Knock Joke. ""Knock Knock"" ""who's there"" ""I got up"" ""I got up who?"" ""then the bathrooms over there""
I'm not sure who told bald guys they were required to have goatees, but they all fell for it.
What do you call it when Gandhi starts a food fight? Naan violence
X: I hate when the cat just stands like that, frozen. Why does he do that? Me: He's on paws. X: ... Me:  On... paws. X: I hate you so much.
Why did the doctor kick his patients? He was trying to heel them.
What's a cats favourite dictator? Chairman Maow
How does the vicar explore the Internet? With the church mouse.
I'm on a roll tonight! Whoops! Never mind, it was just a muffin.
Why are crime rates down in the US? Because criminals keep turning themselves into police.
Why can't pedophiles eat butter? It will raise their molesterol.
I recently bought a corset to spice up my sex life. Once I've learned how to breathe in the damn thing I'll tell you how it worked out.
They asked me if I was into minors... I said, ""Bro, hell no. That coal gets messy.""
Thoughts on ""The Hunt for Red October""? oops, wrong sub.
TIL that Caligynephobia is the fear of beautiful women. So if a guy doesn't talk to you then he probably has Caligynephobia. It's the only explanation...
Schrodinger's Pussy... There may or may not be a dick in the box.
My mother is in the hospital... She's a nurse.
Good woman joke What do you tell a woman with two black eyes. Nothing you already told her twice.
""Sobbing"" autocorrected to ""throbbing"" and now my attempt at showing my sensitive side has taken a very different direction.
What do rioting jewish people throw? Mazel tov cocktails
I have gotten outta bed 365 days a year for 37 years. That is 13,505 sit-ups. And not ONE ab to show for it.
There's no law that says you can't use a tiny pancake as an eyepatch.
What did one gay sperm say to the other? How do we find the egg in all this shit?
There's a fox in our garden! I mean a real fox, not a sexy person! Although, I am also now in the garden. There are two foxes in our garden!
What's a greater Pressure, the impact of Earth hitting the sun, the impact of Earth hitting the moon, or Republican demands for Carson and Kasich to drop out? Please discuss. Thanks.
The iPhone 7 may be revolutionary and everything.... But the Samsung Note 7 blows you away.
Referring to one's self in the third person is really obnoxious, but you refer to yourself in the second person and it confuses everyone. It's probably why you have no friends.
If you ever have to say ""just kidding" you're probably not very good at kidding and you should stop kidding
It seems to me that if you can afford a barrel and a pair or suspenders you can afford a pair of pants.
I would make a joke here... ...but Amy Schumer doesn't need any more material.
The movie Scarface taught us that abusing cocaine can lead to making bad decisions--for example: the script, the soundtrack, and the acting.
What do the Titanic and The Toronto Maple Leafs have in common... They both look great until they hit the ice.
Why did Microsoft go straight to Windows 10 and skip 9? Because Windows 8 9.
Im opening up a tattoo shop just for blind people. I wont really tattoo them. Ill just stab'em with a needle taped to a vibrator for an hour
In response to the Country Singer lightbulb joke, how many guitarists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 13. 1 to do it, and 12 to say they could do it better.
What do you get from pampered cows? Spoiled milk!
What do you call someone who makes horribly lame jokes? A redditor
Things were different in the 80s one time I was kidnapped for a week and no one looked for me. I came home & my room was converted to a gym.
Is it wrong to make change from the collection plate? Asking for a friend.
What's the difference between a dog and a cat? If a cat were big enough it would eat you.
Mitt Romney's Presidency.
A man takes his shoe off in church... Man 1: *takes off shoe and starts peering inside of it* Man 2: ""What the problem?"" Man 1: *Sighs* "" I guess i'm just having some problems with my inner-sole ""
Why did Tigger get stuck in the toilet? He was looking for pooh.
About to go for a run, because shoplifting
What should you always ask after someone says ""I'd fuck her, but only with a bag on her head""? Paper or plastic?
""I woke up like this"" [looks terrible]
I love people who order coffee like they're giving the pass code to a missile defense system.
9 out of 10 dentists agree: golf is a fantastic way to avoid raising your children.
We can put a man on the moon, but we can't stop internet porn from buffering every 20 seconds.
Life without you is like FACEBOOK without friends, YOUTUBE without videos and GOOGLE with no results...
Origami was invented by a young Japanese child trying to hide his report card.
I like the way the earth revolves! It really makes my day!
Liquid ASS Prank In Aunts Room
What's the hardest part about dumping a Japanese girl? You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it.
Q: Why couldn't the faucet be within 100 feet of the pasta bowl? A: There was a restraining order.
What comes after Ebola? Fbola.
In America, people rob banks ... In Soviet Russia, Banks rob you ! :)
What happens when you have ear sex You get hearing aids
Can I ask you a question without you getting mad? -People who are about to piss you off
Why do men die before their wives?  - They want to.
The most disappointing moment of my adult life was when I found out a vaporizer is an e-cigarette and not a death ray that vaporizes people.
""Knock knock"" ""Who's there?"" And it was at that moment when Peter broke down in tears, having realized that his mother's Alzheimer disease had finally reached past the point of no return.
I heard that Oxygen and Magnesium hooked up last night. I was like OMg.
After lengthy reflection, I've concluded that having kids wasn't worth the seven times my son took out the garbage for me.
*shipwrecked diary* Day 1: alone, doing well. Mentally sound. Met a crab Day 2: crab seems untrustworthy Day 3: CRA B LEAR N ING TO WRI TE
I find it insulting that Arby's mascot isn't a pirate bee.
How does a Liverpudlian get to work... He doesn't.
Apparently Donald Trump's favourite film is E.T... Because it's about an illegal alien that goes home.
A man was apprehended for public masturbation but ultimately let go because he only did it for 10 seconds... Ya, he definitely got off easy.
Always Drive Drunk That way, if you get into an accident, at least you are drunk.
Why did the mouse eat a candle ? For some light refreshment!
Los Angeles announced plans to lease 288 all-electric police cars. Do you know where they'll use them? In Watts. I'll see myself out now.
learn just enough tap dancing just to tap dance out of the room when you win an argument
What does a fisherman say when he catches a fish? His catch-phrase. Short n' Sweet, hope you like it!
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb? Nien.
<at a baptism> *leans over* Me:What's the WiFi password? Him:Jesus Christ, dude! Me:That makes sense....is it case sensitive?
My therapist thinks I have a drug problem. My dealer says she's overreacting.
I don't have a girlfriend. I just know someone who would be very angry if she heard that.
""On this episode of 60 Minutes, we'll talk to a woman who had a baby but did not change her Facebook profile picture to a photo of it...""
How do you know if a Russian vampire is gay? If Vladimir Putin it in the butt.
why does the ad before the thing I want to watch play with ease but the thing I want to watch is like OH NO I'M FREAKING OUT BUFFER! BUFFER!
Don't be an ass, be an arse. Do it with class.
Why did the punk cross the road. He was stapled to the chicken.
wassup babe, im the reason Pregnancy-info .net disabled video embedding on their forums, how abuot giving me a nice kiss
*brushes teeth for seventeen hours straight before dentist appointment* ""Jessica, there is an entire Oreo behind your second molar.""
Team Rocket Were Caught Performing a Lewd Sex Act... Ass to Meowth
Doctor's Office Visit The doctor asked me how my bowel movements have been lately, I told him very dark. He asked me to describe so I said, ""every time i look into the bowl, it spells out 'DIE'""
after chuck norris eats a large meal, he literaly burns of the caleries
What do you call a short Mexican? A paragraph because hes not quite yet an essay.
What did the tailor say after a job well done? There is nothing left too loose.
I've said it before and I'll say it again, if you drive a Nissan but don't call it Liam then what is even the point of you
What do you call a Shi Tzu giving a blowjob? Shit Head.
If I know anything about girls, it's that they appreciate privacy. Trust me I've read a ton of diaries.
A man and a boy walk into the woods together at night Boy: ""It's dark and scary in here"" Man: ""How do you think I feel? I have to walk home alone""
Why do men like breasts so much? They prove men can concentrate on two things at once.
Mary: Do you think my sister's pretty ? Gary: Well let's just say if you pulled her pigtail she'd probably  say 'oink oink '!
...how is life in North Korea? I can't complain.
Today, a feminist asked me how I view lesbian relationships... Apparently ""in HD"" was not the right answer.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, ""Hey."" The horse says, ""You read my mind, buddy.""
How does a mathematician ask for money? Give me 10! dollars
White folk hate math. Especially when they heard in Calculus they'd have to integrate.
check if your cocaine is good, mix in vinegar. If it makes a volcano, its baking soda. If not, your drugs is ruined. Drugs are always bad.
LAWYER 1: numbers never lie so I call numbers to the stand LAWYER 2: your honor I call shakiras hips to the stand JUDGE: damn lol
My wife just opened a bottle of wine so my chances of getting laid just went from 0 to 750ml.
What do Pizza Delivery guys and Gynecologists have in common? They can both smell it, but can't eat it..
What do a tornado and a redneck wedding have in common? Either way you lose a motorhome.
I approached a photographer and took his picture. He had me arrested..
Bob unknowingly sat on a chainsaw. 
Why do they hand out Kleenex at funerals if you're not supposed to jerk off in the back row
Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven was a registered child molester.
What is the Greek Army's motto? Never leave your buddy's behind.
Genius move, Romeo & Juliet, for killing yourselves instead of getting married and spending the rest your lives wanting to kill each other.
What do you call a hen staring at lettuce? Chicken sees-a salad
Arguing with guy at the bar and he claimed Wikipedia was an unreliable source, suggesting instead that I listen to him, a drunk guy at a bar
I was left alone for 3 hours and I almost cut my hand off trying to open a banana.
McDonalds could burn to the ground and I bet the fries would still be cold
Chess Set ""I'd like to buy this chess set please"" ""How will you be paying, sir?"" ""Check mate""..
I'm pretty sure Kanye West is the reason why we arent allowed to retweet our own tweets.
A man walks into a bar with a gun And shouts, ""Who the hell fucked my wife?!"" A man in the back replied ""You haven't got enough bullets mate!""
I listen to trump rallies before I go to bed They're all white noise.
Him: Sir, you don't have the experience or fitness to be a fireman. Me: But, I got a mustache! Him: That's cat fur attached with frosting.
I wrote a song about tortilla's Well. It's more of a wrap.
My ex-girlfriend had a really weird fetish she used to like to dress up as herself and then act like a fucking bitch all the time
Why did the chicken cross the road? KANYE WEST - Beyonce should have crossed the road, not the chicken!
Well this should spice things up. I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.
One time my dad caught me doing homework and made me eat an entire pack of calculators
What is it called when an Ethiopian takes a shit? Bragging
Why is Santa's Sack So Big Because he only comes once a year.
Why did the man wear a diaper to the bar? So he could save his stool.
BREAKING: Republicans may oppose President Obama's decision to skip breakfast.
ME: these gummy bears are delicious WIFE: those are daily vitamins ME: *holding the couch over my head with one arm* I can't find the remote
They say blondes have the most fun They also say ignorance is bliss.
How are buttsex and asparagus the same? If you're forced to have it as a child, you won't enjoy it as an adult.
I'm biased: I have four buttocks.
Nothing says ""I hope your birthday sucks as much as you do"" like an Applebees' gift card.
Dear Santa, Please send gift cards. Your taste has gotten significantly worse in recent years.
I've only taught my parrot to say ""REPETITION"" so far. Next I'm going to teach him to say ""IRONY AND ANNOYING ARE SYNONYMS"". ""SQUAWK!""
A Comparison What is the difference between a women's track team and a pack of gerbils? The gerbils are a bunch of cunning runts.
*Do not consume if seal is broken* I've just gone through this whole box of animal crackers and haven't found one seal.
He said I won his heart and I was all ""Ugh can I just win like $20? How about a sweater from Sears? A pencil? I could really use a pencil.""
Disease doesn't care if you are a celebrity, Micheal J. Fox has battled Parkinson for 22 years, and Jamie Lee Curtis is super irregular!
Being a parent means hiding in a closet to eat a donut so you don't have to share.
What do you call a monkey in a suit? Over-dressed!
How do you get a clown to stop smiling? Hit him in the face with an axe
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? A: Snowballs.
""You go girl"" - asking my girlfriend to move out, but sassy like
If these walls could talk, I bet it would sound like someone was trapped in the wall and we'd all freak out pretty bad.
So I went clubbing last night... Those seals didn't stand a chance.
Remember kids, those light up sneakers won't seem so cool when wolves are chasing you through the woods at night.
my boss is asking how I'm feeling today how do I explain that I've done about 20 grams of animal tranquilizer within 5 days
Yo mama so fat... She makes Chow Yun-Thin. (sorry..reddit)
I have two boyfriends! Well, I'm dating two men Okay. Ben and I are just friends Same with Jerry Fine. I have ice cream. But it's love.
They don't seem to abduct humans like they used to
If anyone can put the ""i"" in ""Team"" it's Apple.
My 6 yr old just asked if I'm a happy wife.. her cover is blown I think she might be working for the other side
Why don't blind people go skydiving? It scares their dogs.
How do you know if somebody is a vegan? Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you.
Say what you want about Canada but they successfully got rid of Justin Bieber.
Why is it never hot in churches? Because it's prayer conditioned. I'll leave now....
Burnt my Hawaiian pizza today.. I should have put it on aloha setting.
Did you hear that the energizer bunny was arrested? He was charged with battery.
I'd make a joke about mentally handicapped people... But I can't compete with the one God already made
How do you subdue a large snake? You use a boa restrictor
""Meh"" -apathetic cow
My kids wouldn't stop asking me who my favorite is so I said the dog & now they're crying and I'm like THIS IS WHY THE DOG IS MY FAVORITE.
What is the design philosophy of the iPhone 7? Jack off
My girlfriend told me that I'm starting to annoy her because I relate EVERYTHING to batman.....What a Joker....
How many ants does it take to fill an apartment? Tenants
If you want to remove wrinkles, pimples, face marks &amp
My niece thinks she's more mature than me because she listens to Beethoven. His movies sucked plus why would I wanna listen to dog music?
What's the difference between a homeless wanker and a pimp? One's a broke stroker and the other is a stroke broker.
""The answer to this last question will determine whether you are drunk or not. Was Mickey Mouse a cat or dog?""
What do you call a sad gay Brit? Aaa bloody bummer
A friend asked me, ""Did you know Isaac Newton died a virgin""? I replied, ""What colour?""
""Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil.."" Him: Do you have to say that everytime we visit my mom?
Today I went down on my girlfriend Period.
Last year for Christmas I got a sweater ,for this year I would prefer a squirter or a moaner .
What's the difference between a Pakistani mosque and a Afghanistan mosque and an Iraqi mosque? How should I know, I just fly the drones.
*opens car door to drop kid off at school & sees kool aid instead* If you're here then.. [cut to kid bursting through a wall like 'oh yeah']
If you don't leave a buffet looking like someone told you bad news you didn't get your money's worth.
At the Special Olympics they don't use starter pistols... They use Spud Guns.
i heard a rumor about a horny mistake yeah, they say the mistake also has no life so the mistake just goes around the /r/joke subreddit to use up his time.
Want to hear something really fun about science? You would. Nerd.
did you hear about the constipated mathematician? he worked it out with a pencil.... a number two pencil
A recent study states that people should only shower every 3-4 days. ""Stop being an idiot" said one wife who lives in my house.
What hairstyle does Christopher Nolan get at the barber? A director's cut
What do you call four Mexicans at the bottom of the ocean? Quatro Sinko
Are you the 7th planet from the sun? Cause I sure would like to probe Uranus.
Alsation: What is your favorite holiday?  Chihuahua: Howloween!
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
What's green, fuzzy, has four legs and would kill you if it fell out of a tree and landed on you? A pool table
This year for Kwanzaa, I'm getting my roommate the traditional Kwanzaa toy. A Dr. Dreidel
What does a Polish woman and a hockey team have in common? They both change their pads after three periods.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get a hair cut? A barbecue
Fifty Shades of Grey was disappointing. All those blindfolds and not a single person swung at a pinata.
[NSFW] I've been 1 week in college and already had five times the sex I had in 3 years of highschool. 5x0=0
What do you call a bra designed for neutrois? Ze-bra
I've kept my tamagotchi alive for the past 15 years, so yeah Mom, I know what it's like to raise an ""ungrateful little prick""
[at restaurant trying not to let anyone know I'm a koala] Waiter: ""what can I get u?"" ""do u have any eucalyptus?"" *restaurant goes quiet*
I'm going to open a summer camp for kids with ADD And call it 'The Concentration Camp'
Sometimes at the beach it's like ""gross, is that a condom?"" Yes. And it's staying on. Not looking to raise any shark children.
Chuck Norris can win an argument with his wife.
Hey girl, on a scale of 'Neo's mind in the beginning of The Matrix' and 'Neo's mind at the end', how free are you tonight?
Did you hear about the deadly fire at the ice cream parlour? Hundreds and thousands were lost
What's small, black and full of cobwebs? An ethiopian's asshole.
Those Essex Girls Whats the difference between a plat of spaghetti and an Essex girl The plate of spaghetti moves when you eat it!
i've never seen a girl under 21 whose iphone screen wasn't cracked.
My wife is like a desert wind She rarely blows, but when she does it's dry.
Q. How do you know a blonde has been using a  dishwasher?  A.It's cloged up with paper plates.
It's only 8:30 am and I've managed to work ""rock out with your cock out"" into a conversation. This day is already a winner.
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire? See you next month.
What did the one banana say to the other banana who had his feelings hurt? I know that peel.
The Police called to my door last night and said ""Your dog was chasing a man on a bike""... ...I said ""Bullshit, my dog doesn't have a bike"".
If you ever feel silly for being on Twitter just remember there are people on national television asking ""ghosts"" questions.
Why can't Stephen Hawking dance? Because he's white.
maybe if we start calling abortions ""debortations"" republicans will support them?
A dyslexic man walks into a bra. .....
Sure she mainly used knife emojis but at least she replied to your text.
What do lawyers use for birth control? Personality.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb? None. They just beat it for being dark.
Chemistry joke involving the alphabet A B C D E F G H I J K Phosphorus Q R S T U V W X Y Z Why is there a Phosphorus? Because its an EL EM EN TAL P!
Why are oceans called ""The High Seas""? Because of all the seaweed!
Everyone is going crazy over that Kim and Kanye named their baby ""North West"" I believe she's going straight to the top... And slightly to the left
When your partner cheats on you, do what every respectable person does. Post their name and phone number on 4Chan.
If Jesus loves me how come he's never liked a single one of my instagram selfies
How many points do I get if I hit a Pokemon player with my car?
Couples who have been married for a long time start finishing off each other's sentences. The most popular being ""Shut up"".
How to avoid falling trap to clickbaiting? Sorry, you can't!
HOT SINGLE GRANNIES IN YOUR AREA WANT YOU TO LOOK AT HOW TALL YOU'VE GOTTEN
This is your captain speaking. Would someone who knows how to be a pilot please come up? I'm literally just pressing buttons.
Kim Jong-Il found alive He's running a hot dog cart in downtown Seoul. It turns out he just wanted a change of Korea.
Why does Sia live in a low-rent apartment? She loves cheap bills
Why did the New Yorker sleep under an oil tank? He wanted to wake up oily.
In 1973, the Six Million Dollar Man consisted of a bionic man with super powers... In 2016, the Six Million Dollar Man consists of two hip replacements.
[police station] ""sir you get one phone call."" [calls 911] ""hello 911 what's your emergency?"" yeah a bunch of pricks are holding me hostage.
What do a glass of water and an Atheist have in common? Jesus can make them both wine.
Coma's can really change the meaning of a sentence... For instance: * Hillary is in a hurry. * Hillary is in a coma.
If a psychic goes to the bathroom in the forest, does he make a sound? No, because the ""p"" is silent.
Hospitals are so shady nowadays... Even the doctors are drug dealers.
[For enemies] You know the difference between you and I? You came out of your mom. I came in her.
I'm fluent in Morose Code. -Debbie Downers
Did you hear the one about the dad that said son if you keep masturbating you'll go blind! The son said dad I'm over here.
After seeing the ""Women don't talk much in Star Wars"" video... Maybe that's how they got so much done
Scientists have revealed today that they have found a new drug for depressed lesbians.. .. It's called Trydixagain.
My experience with organized crime was getting two friends to help me tip a vending machine while I reached up inside for chips.
What does Donald Trump call a hundred dollar bill? Trump change
A hipster walks into a bar... ...and asks the hipster bartender for a beer. Bartender says - we don't serve hipsters... ironically.
I just passed my drug test. My dealer has some explaining to do.
What's the difference between a camera and a foot? A camera has photos and a foot has five toes. (Told to me by a 9 year old child I work with)
What do you call a dog with no legs? It doesn't matter what you call it, it's not going to come.
My youngest son's dirty clothes sit on the floor, beneath the laundry chute. I admire his hope that they'll bounce up and swish down.
My wife said she'd leave me if I didn't stop eating Pasta Now I'm feeling cannelloni
What the Mayans taught me The Mayans taught me that if you don't finish something, it's not really the end of the world.
You god damn morons. All these celebrity nudes were leaked by the Illuminati to distract us from important shit like karate and hoverboards.
Did you hear about the Murfreesboro  muddlebrain whose father told him about the birds and the bees?  The next day the Tennessean was stung by a bee and thought he was  pregnant.
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew? Boy scouts come back from camp.
Who looks after the EuroDisney website? Mick e-mouse.
I've never skydived but I've checked Twitter on my phone while standing over a toilet. So, I get the gist.
What do you call a gingerbread man with one leg? Limp Biscuit.
Why do I have migraines? Well I can't have yourgraines, now can I?
What's it called when Batman leaves church early? Christian Bale.
When do the leaves begin to turn? The night before a test.
My 6yo's homework today is learning how to count backwards. Yep that teacher knows about DUIs alright!
Why did the alligator go to Disney World? To get some tots! #toosoon?
How did Harry get it in Ron's sweet Diagon Alley? A lubricantation.
What goes thru a bug's mind when it hits your windshield? It's asshole.
Why are there no aspirin in the jungle? The parrots eat em all (Paracetamol)
""Entertainment News"" is a strange way to spell gossip.
My wife was in jail, so I decided to go for the conjugal visit, which caused her parents to start freaking out... Best game of Monopoly ever!
Why are Saturday and Sunday strong? Because all the other days are week days.
This whole time I thought Ariana Grande was a font
Canada's four seasons: almost winter, winter, still winter, and road construction.
I tried eating a clock once It was time consuming.
JUDGE: I find you guilty of murder. Sentenced to life. LAWYER: But it was only 20 minutes of murder. JUDGE: Oh, then you're free to go.
Working in porn for the free sex is like working at Chipotle for the free burritos Yeah, you're getting paid, but it destroys your asshole
What do you call a herd of masturbating cows? Beef stroganoff
A bit too dark possibly. The war in Vietnam started in 1955 and in 2015 The Charlie was finally massacred.
What do you call someone who's studied Old Norse literature and become an expert. Well edda-cated.
When I was getting my prostate exam, I asked the Doctor where I should put my pants.. ""Over there, beside mine"" wasn't the answer I was expecting.
I would request a bunch of Ambien as my last meal so I would look hardcore as hell by falling asleep at my own execution
whenever I see ""likes her own status"" on facebook, a little bit of me dies and becomes a horcrux.
Want did the Alzheimer say to the shoe?
""my dad could beat up your dad"" we're brothers you idiot *cut to dad stepping on rake, knocking himself out*
Relationship or hallucination? Either way, I'm seeing somebody.
What do Americans and Putin have in common? They'll both be nuking Turkey after Thanksgiving.
What did the cow say to the hay? I chews you
Why do boys walk fast and girls speak more? Because boys have one extra leg and girls have one extra mouth.
Q. What do you call a dead blonde in a  closet? A. The 1995 Hide and Seek World Champion.
What did the elephant say to the naked man ""How do you breath through that thing?!""
Congratulations to Janet Jackson for having a baby at age 50! When I was 50, I wasn't even strong enough to push a child out of my way.
Why did the physicist masturbate to the electron? It was in the excited state.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field! The job isn't for everyone, but hay, it's in his jeans.
I like my women like I like my peanut butter... ...brown, smooth, and easy to spread. Props to Shakes the Clown.
""Haha, you thought I was a quarter."" -nickels
Does the defense have any last words? ""Yes I do your honor... THE FLOOR IS MADE OF LAVA"" [Judge & jury scramble to get on top of tables]
With-holding Sex Always Make Them Crack I'm with-holding sex from countless women at the moment, and they won't even budge.
What do you call a wine convention in upstate New York? The Lake Champlain Champagne Campaign
Why was Chuck Norris born by her aunt? Because no one dared to fuck his mother...
How do you turn tap water into holy water? You boil the HELL out of it! Har har har.
Today I swallowed two pieces of string... Later they came out tied together, I shit you knot.
TWITTER REHAB IS GOING GOOD YOU GUYS I GOT A NEW FRIEND HE HAS SPECIAL SUGAR AND IT'S AWESOME AND MY YARD HAS 3,957,268 BLADES OF GRASS!!!!
- Baby, I just want everything to be like it was at the beginning. - When we first met? - No, before that.
Breaking: New torture report reveals CIA use of Facebook Year In Review videos.
What do you call someone with no body and just a nose ? Nobody knows
One thing I want before I die, is to totally not be aware of the moment I die.
What's the difference between an American student and an English student ? About 3000 miles !
Babies are just like turtles, keep them in water and also feed them turtle food.
If Apple made a car... Would it have windows?
whats a vampires teabag? tampons (used of course)
Did you hear about Princess Diana on the radio? and the windshield.. and the dashboard....
What does a corpse and snow have in common? They are both cold and are hilarious to throw at unsuspecting children.
Why does Elmer Fudd only let Bug's Bunny eat snickers bars? Because silly wabbit, twix are for kids!
How amazing is it that nobody in the same Kingdom as Cinderella , had the same sized feet as her ? She should play the lottery too !
Did you hear about the gay man who got a job at the sperm bank? He was fired for drinking on the job.
A set of jump leads walk into a bar... The barman looks at them, and says, ""Alright, I'll serve you, just don't start anything.""
What did the black man say to the white kid? Put the gun down!
Finally got in to an exercise routine and I've lost over 100 pounds!! I'm from England, and exercise equipment is pretty expensive.
With the holidays upon us, please dont forget what they stand for. Family, friends & punching strangers at the mall because they cut in line
Warning: racist I saved a drowning black family once ... ... as a JPG.
Q: Have you heard about the new Iraqi Air Force exercise program? A: Each morning you raise your hands above your head and leave them there.
Q: What do you call four matadors in quicksand? A: Quatro sinko.
A friend asked me to rate the movie ""Django"" I gave it a 3/5.
I see the 'pet rocks' are back and fighting too! *Rolls in 6ft diameter granite boulder* *Folds arms, taps foot*
I shall final no more forever. -Schooling Bull
Two condoms are walking down the street when they walk by a gay bar. One condom says to the other ""Hey man, wanna get shit-faced?""
How can you call it love when you're crying more than smiling.
I told my dad that I heard the U.S. is sending warships to Yemen.. ""Sounds like some Yemen-aide...""
War is not the answer Unless, ""What is the opposite of peace?"" is the question.
I got fired today ""what? why?"" no idea ""you have no idea?"" nope ""I'm confused when did this happen?"" between pre break break and break
I lost 15 pounds by moving my bathroom scales from a hard surface to carpet! Great success!
Guns don't kill people... ...bullets do.
Fuck you, little sticker on produce!
Why is King Joffrey like a mattress? Two twins make a King.
War doesn't determine who is right... It only determines who is left.
What do you call a Jewish piano? A cash register.
if you watch the titanic backwards hundreds of disgusting sea zombies come together as a community and rebuild an old ship
What is Adam Johnson's favourite kill streak? Predator missile
I've just written a song about tortillas - actually, it's more of a rap.
They said she was a cat lady but when I threw her off a small building she didn't land on her feet and now I'm in jail for murder.
My greatest fear is sitting in front of thousands of people while my Google search history is read aloud.
Regarding hungergames mockingjay Who is jay? and why are they always mocking him?
APPLE GENIUS: how did u get so much water on the laptop [flashback to me taking my laptop into the shower so i could tweet] ME: hurricane
Got kicked out of the casino again. Apparently, gold chocolate coins mess up their slot machines or something.
Q: How many Real Men does it take to change a  light bulb? A: None. Real Men aren't afraid of the dark.
Offensive Jokes these are the worst jokes ever be warned
John has 400 spiders, he eats 398, what does John have now? Cancer
In light of micheal phelps defeat... You could say he got schooled
*holding my crying child* Me: I know, earthquakes are scary. So maybe next time you'll be good and I won't have to make that happen again.
Teacher: That's the stupidest boy in  the whole school. Mother: That's my son. Teacher: Oh! I'm so sorry. Mother: You're sorry?
You couldn't kill Sean Bean if he was wearing a red shirt.
What did one alcoholic say to the other alcoholic? I forget
Give a man a fire and he is warm for a day Set a man on fire and he is warm for a lifetime.
What do you call a pile of kittens? a meowtain!
What do you call a women with one leg? ilene
Asian Keanu arrives at party. Asian Keanu gets bored. Asian Keanu Reeves.
Whats my knee's favourite channel? Dis-knee channel.
Irish Problems.... Q:How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man? A: None! (potato famine) Old one, i did not make, nor do i take any credit.
Girl are you the burning bush? Cuz you're hot. And there's no conceivable reason you should be talking to me.
If someone is bothering you with unneccessary calls to your cell number, post their number on eBay with the ad ""iPhone 5S for $1 only""
I want a woman who can cook, clean, do the laundry, pay the bills & still set aside the time to have sex with me while her husbands at work
I'm tired of the Mexicans naming their sons Jesus Jesus was not a Mexican, he was a human being. (Please forgive me)
What's the most important part of a Taliban joke? The execution!
In heaven there is never a line at Chipotle.
The ugly tree Geeze, that's an ugly christmas tree but why do you keep it in the bathroom? That's where I store my toiletries.
Just went too deep with a Q-Tip and now I can't do math.
Note to self: Before committing any murders, get head and shoulders. Can't be leaving DNA all over the place.
What kind of doctor is always on call? An oncologist.
The White Stripes Knock, knock! Who's there? Meg White's most complex drumbeat. --- ^(Stolen from 4chan's /mu/ board: http://redd.it/2cl0cw)
Why did the narcissistic cannibal end up in the hospital? Because he was so full of himself.
How many potatoes does it take to kill the Irish? None
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey. But I turned myself around.
Reddit, help me finish this joke ""My baby so fine, she ______""
I'm thinking of something really stupid to tweet -all of us all the time
Who took the spoopy from the spoopy jar? mr skeltal
""Rain, rain, go away, come to a poor African nation watered only by tears."" Bono's nursery rhymes are the worst.
People get easily offended these days. You can't even say black paint Instead you have to yell ""Jamall, paint my fence""
As it turns out, if you're with a group of people, it's ""Christmas caroling."" If you do it alone it's ""creating a public nuisance.""
My grandma coined the term ""TC"" in 1988 to refer to her tuna casserole.
My signature move at parties is flirting with a cute guy for half an hour before realizing he's actually a bag of Cheetos
Before I do anything important, I always ask myself ""would this gain house points for Gryffindor or lose house points for Gryffindor?""
Sometimes I drink to cure my malaise. If I get drunk this Friday because I am bummed about the end of the world, am I getting sauced because of Mayan-aise?
A man went to see the doctor The doctor told him ""you need to stop masturbating"" The man asked ""why?"" The doctor replied ""I need to finish the exam""
A man killed himself to find out what the afterlife was like. He was dying to know!
What do you get if you insert human DNA into a monkey? AIDS for humanity
What's the difference between jam and jelly? I can't jelly my dick down your throat
[first day as diving instructor] Guy [from the back]: what's the signal for a shark Me: sharks don't really give signals they just show up
 I'm like a bird, I'll only swim away, I don't know what a bird is 
What's the only thing politicians stand for? Reelection.
How much did Juan weigh after eating Chinese food? Juan ton
If shame burned calories, I'd be back to my birth weight by now
I Googled ""James Earl Jones"" to see whether or not he's alive and the Wikipedia link was purple from the other times I've done this.
What did the Headless Horseman ask his colleague at Bad Guys Inc.? What do I have to do to get ahead around here?
What do you call a bulletproof Irishman? Rick O'Shea.
Rape jokes aren't funny. They're always forced.
How to sex: Boy: can I put my finger in your belly button Girl: sure Girl: that's not my belly button Boy: that's not my finger
What is the difference between the avian flu and the swine flu? One requires a tweetment and the other need an oinkment.
Why did the engineer buy a mattress? To sleep under it
what""s the difference between tuna and chicken? a shower
You may be a good person deep down inside, but I don't carry around a shovel
How was the Irish Jig invented? To much beer and not enough bathrooms
Grooming tip: Cut your toenails every 2 to 24 weeks whether they need it or not.
Every time I delete a selfie, I imagine the sound of a Gremlin being burned alive by the sunlight.
Three Germans were sitting in a bar telling jokes about WWII. They lost it.
Detective: ok forensics is finished. I'll start here and you- Dog cop: I'll mark our territory [dog cop pees around the crime scene tape]
At the gun range I was at the gun range the other night with a friend. Friend: ""Aren't you going to wear ear protection while we're shooting?"" Me: ""Nah, my hearing's already shot.""
*casually walks into a crowded Sushi Restaurant wearing a dolphin costume* *suddenly stops, looks horrified, & backs slowly out the door*
A man walks into a zoo. The only animal in the entire zoo is a dog. It's a* Shitzhu*.
Black joke Santa clause, a child, and an innocent black man jump out of a plane. Who lands first? The child there's no such thing as Santa or an innocent black man
Why do they call it Anal Bleaching ? Surely it should be called changing your Ring Tone.
[1st date] {don't let her know you're Hitler} HER: what are you going to eat? ME: definitely not seafood HER: did u say nazi food? ME: shit
What kind of bagel can fly? A plane bagel.
How do you pay a bartender? With bar tender.
I hope that fat guy didn't notice me glancing at the weight limit sign on the elevator just now. Or clearing my throat and pointing at it.
I am the guy who keeps posting in the wrong sub! AMA!
Beating up band nerds with witty comebacks *Impales Flutist* ""Must be flute poisoning"" *Bludgeons French Horn Player* ""Am I making you horny?"" *Throws Tuba player off cliff* ""Tu...bad""
One half of reddit will be mortified, the other will laugh at this joke. What did the south tower say to the north? BRB man, I've got to catch a plane. Im soz.
How come the giant Ape climbed up the side of the skyscraper? The elevator was broken!
What is a gay guy's favorite kind of yogurt? The kind with the fruit on the bottom.
[Bank robbery] *Other robbers jump into getaway van* ""DRIVE! DRIVE! DRIVE!"" ""Okie dokie."" * Starts to adjust mirrors*
What does the broken clock do when it gets hungry? It goes back four seconds!
Teacher: I said to draw a cow eating some grass but you've only drawn the cow ? Pupil: Yes the cow ate all the grass !
Why do women wear makeup and perfume? Because they are ugly and smell bad.
What is Call of Duty called in Afghanistan? The Sims
What did the two oceans say to each other Nothing.. They waved.
Ill tell you what I know about Dwarves Very little
Have you ever ordered a honeymoon salad? Lettuce Alone.
What program do Jedi use to PDF files? Adobe Wan Kenobi
$2000 date? We better be sitting at the table with Jay-Z and Obama at the same time while eating dinosaurs & sippin' on virgin Indian tears.
Never go to bed angry, stay awake and plot your revenge. 
People who cheer at concerts when a musician says the name of their city are the most easily impressed people on earth.
Waiter there's a fly in my soup  ! Yes it's the rotting meat that attracts them !
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away
I asked Santa for a Frisbee when I was a kid.... But I was an only child, so he gave me a boomerang.
Is that chili in your pocket, or are you just terrified to see me?
Four years ago, I asked the girl of my dreams out on a date. Today, I asked her to marry me. She said no both times.
Robin Thicke is what would happen if a roofie became a human and decided to make music.
What did the bassist say when he played too high? I'm in treble now
I'd like to give a shout out to those people born in 1932 who are celebrating their 21st birthday today!
Why are pills white? Because they work.
Why had the two algae never had sex? Because they had a planktonic relationship.
Mother: A carrot is just a vegan hotdog. *son looks at carrot* Mother: [desperate] Bugs Bunny eats them! Son: This is updoc. Mother: What's-
Don't ask me about my pan pizza... It's personal.
Girls : ""Do I look fat?"" A girl asked a high-school boy, ""Do I look fat?"" The boy replied, ""Where?"" [teenage]
How do birds learn to fly? They just wing it.
A guy walked into a bar. He was brought to the closest hospital quickly.
What's the best time to go to the dentist? 2:30.
Have you seen www.pitchdark.com? Yes but I really couldn't see what all the fuss is about.
I've been writing a joke about the whites, blacks and asians... But it's a bit racey.
Why didn't the bear from the revenant win the Oscar? Because it would've torn Leo up to receive another Oscar loss
Why is a firetruck red? You'd be red too if you had your hose stretched that far
What's the difference between an orphan home and a terrorists' boot camp? I don't know. I'm retiring next month.
Who would won in a wrestling match
You ever pump your gas slowly on purpose so no one realizes you only had $3 on you
Today. I. Realized. That. Typing. Like. This. Doesn't. Make. Your. Point. Stronger. It. Makes. You. Look. Like. Your. Computer. Has. Asthma
Do you know what a Freudian slip is? It's where you say one thing but fuck your mother.
What's long and smells like shit? The unemployment line.
My grandma used to say, ""I'll give you something to cry about!"", and then she'd toss a severed hand in my lap.
I like to sit on my hand AFTER i jerk off... ..makes me feel like someone else is making me a sandwich.
I watched my first porno film last week.... I looked so much younger then.
Why did the chicken go to the bathroom? That's where all the cocks hang out.
What does a short sighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common? They both have wet noses
John Cena Bum buh duh dum. Bum buh duh dum.
Hey baby, do you like tan lines? Because I fell asleep with a badminton racquet on my face again and
What does a waiter ask a group of Jewish ladies? Q: What does a waiter ask a group of Jewish ladies? A: ""Is ANYTHING all right?""
Why do Africans get scared when they get diarrhea? Because they think they are melting....
3 years ago someone was laying concrete so I put my hand prints in it. Been here ever since.
What do you call an Indian stoner? Man, deep
I just put a girl in the hospital. I'm in charge of hiring new nurses.
I want to believe in hope as much as someone who thinks that somebody might buy their old used shoes on Craigslist for $20.
Ever wondered what your nose is for? It stops you eyes from sticking together.
So today I got tickets for the Kanye West concert... I misread it horribly though and I ended up somewhere in Africa
I remember a friend asking me why I had a bottle of wine in my car, I said I got it for my wife... He said good trade...
What do you call a Scottish parrot ? A Macaw !
What's the longest Island in New York? Long Island.
Judging by the size of her models, I'm guessing Victoria's Secret is lots and lots of cocaine.
What is something that is always heard but never seen? A member of the Queen's guard doing a single squat.
what do you call 4 mexicans in a boat with a whole in it? Quattro cinco
I went to a German restaurant... ...and ordered an omelette....I just got a plate with two dots on it!
I went to an 'Army Style training day'... I don't feel any fitter but my boots and bed look immaculate.
Book that helped Teacher: ""Which book has helped you the most in your life?"" Student: ""My father's check book!""
How many Mexicans are needed to change a light bulb? Juan.
My uncle Robert was a shit ventriloquist He used to stick his hand up my arse and tell me to say nothing
""I am Santa Claus."" ""No you're not."" ""Yes I am."" ""Ok."" - Miracle on 34th Street in tweet form.
What is the difference between Courtney Love and a porcupine? A porcupines needle won't give you AIDS
i gave my girlfreind my nine inch nail... and we got closer.
Dang you got a good deal on your tattoo and the squirrel's so realistic. What? A portrait of your Mom? Dude I wish my Mom was a squirrel.
People are all like ""STAY OUTTA MY LIFE GOVERNMENT"" and then they shut down and people are all like ""COME BACK IN MY LIFE GOVERNMENT""
You wanna hear a joke? Women's rights
What's the best part about banging twenty two year olds? There's twenty of them.
What's the hardest part to eat of a vegetable? The Wheelchair.
Donald Trump: nobody can out crazy me Lena Dunham: here, hold my beer
Pair of Twins I've been shagging a pair of twins recently, and my friend asked me ""How do you tell the difference?"". I told him ""It's easy! Julie has long blonde hair..."" ""..and Derek has a moustache""
Why couldn't the incontinent man print his documents? He couldn't Ctrl+P
Kraft recalled 96,000 pounds of cheese-filled hot dogs. I recall 96,000 pounds of cheese-filled hot dogs too. That was one wild summer.
[leaving a birthday party with my pinata friend] i swear i didn't know they were going to do that ""Just take me home""
My Jewish mate has been with his Tourette's suffering girlfriend for years now. I always wondered what kept them together. Then I saw the swear jar.
So this is what it's like to grow up. Fucking bullshit is what it is.
*knock knock* ""Who's there?"" *knock knock ""I said, 'Who's there?'"" *knock knock ""......Hello?"" ......*doorknob jiggles ""The fuck?!""
Why Can't You Play UNO With Mexicans? They keep stealing the goddamn green cards.
A man carrying a tombstone walked up to a skeleton taking a break from his casket. He asked the skeleton, ""Is it okay if I leave this tombstone here?"" The skeleton replied, ""Yes, over my dead body.""
What gets wetter the more you dry it? A woman with a towel fetish
Hoo-dini And now I wait..........
So my mobile phone company forced me to upgrade my 3G phone to a 4G one. I couldn't withstand the pressure.
My parents caught me masturbating. I wasn't ashamed, I was startled - I almost dropped their wedding picture.
No democratic debate on Christmas Day The democratic presidential hopefuls signed a statement not to debate on Christmas Day. It was a Barry Sanders-clause
2 walruses walk into a bar.. the first walrus is swearing and acting extremly obnoxious, the second walrus turns to him and says ""tusk tusk"" Gotta love dad jokes
My teacher actually said this to us before out computing exam... Pupil: ""Will we be able to use the calculator in the exam?"" Sir: ""No, it will be disabled just like you"" No joke, he actually said that
Why did Night fall? Because Day tripped him.
Someone complimented me on my driving today They left a little note on the windscreen, it said 'Parking Fine.' So that was nice.
I was on the treadmill for 20 minutes this morning. Tomorrow I might even turn it on, but let's not rush into things.
Uhm, excuse me waiter... I'd like to return my food. It only received 5 likes on Instagram.
The Worst Striker by Mr Goal
*yawning at an art museum* ""I already saw that on Tumblr.""
I wouldn't eat food cooked by aliens because they cum in peas!
I'm giving up spray deodorants for the new year Roll on 2017
What scratches the window before it explodes? A baby in a microwave
Why is Starbuck's coffee so high on the pH scale? It's the most basic drink there is.
Which lake is named after the Cleveland Steamer? Titicaca
I never point fingers at anyone. Though I do have a box of human fingers that I slingshot at people when I feel like blaming them for shit.
Watching tv with 4 and now he knows the word crescent. All I learned as a kid was how hard to hit a cat with a frying pan without killing it
What do slutty women and Windows have in common? They're both backwards compatible.
Police say Oscar Pistorius is a flight risk. How? Does he also have a pair of propeller feet?
When you give up and stop believing in yourself, it's much easier to worship and idolize another. That's how ass kissing and celebrity worshiping begins.
Why do Taiwanese students always do so well on their standardized tests? They've got a Taipei personality
Even scarier than seeing a shark fin in the water is seeing a lion mane, because you know the chase isn't over once you reach land.
If you ever feel useless... Remember there is a someone in the BMW factory installing turn signals.
What did the cake say to the knife? You want a piece of me?!?
Click for Joke! You're good looking.
dude *scoffs like 7 times in a row* of course i'm not a virgin... i have lots of *starts readin hand, ink is hella smudged* secular intercom
Im absolutely exhausted, would you believe I have spent all week road testing penny farthings..... My feet haven't touched the ground.
What do you call a cow with no nipples Yomama #getrekt
Since I installed adblock, my popularity with hot girls in my area has plummeted
Where did Sally go when the bombs fell? Everywhere.
What do you call an epileptic in a bush? Russell
So a waitress pours coffee on a mans hat He says, ""I'll send you the bill.""
Why did the gay man get fired from his job at the sperm bank? He was drinking on the job.
How did Osama Bin Laden feed his kids (OC) Here comes the aeroplane...
Personal space is a concept I did not understand in Kindergarten I guess that's why they fired me.
What's the difference between a duck? One of it's legs are both the same.
Q: How did the blonde try to kill the bird? A: She threw it off a cliff.
If a blind girl ever tells you that you have a big cock She's probably just pulling your leg.
What do they call aborted fetuses in Prague? Cancelled Czechs.
Wanna hear a joke about my cawk? never mind its too long
Why are gay men so rude? Because they're fucking assholes.
Well, it's almost time to show up late for something else.
Q: What's the richest kind of air? A: A millionaire.
I didn't want to believe my father was stealing from the transportation department. But when I got home, all the signs were there.
Hey, thanks for making sure ""Nazi"" is capitalized, iPhone. Way to honor them.
Children Fever Me and my wife decided that we don't want to have children anymore. So anybody who wants one can leave us their phone number and address and we will bring you one.
What do you call a fight between a Mexican and a child molester? Alien vs Predator
Whats a Mexicans Favorite sport? Cross-Crountry
How does Hitler like his orange juice? Freshly squeezed.
A husband and a wife sit at the table, having dinner. The woman drops a bit of tomato sauce on her white top. ""Och, I look like a pig!"" The man nods, ""And you dropped tomato sauce on your top!""
What did the egg say to the boiling water? It might take me a while to get hard, i just got laid by a chick.
A hispanic man with a rubber toe His name...was Roberto
You know, I'm really glad Ben Carson didn't end up being Secretary of Education. I really didn't want our kids learning that the food pyramid was built to store grain.
My New Year's Resolution 1920 x 1080
June 1885 - The Statue Of Liberty arrives in the U.S. in 350 pieces with no instructions. Future IKEA magnate: ""That gives me an idea.""
What lottery did the broom win? The sweepstakes.
Have you ever met that one guy you really want to punch in the face? Turns out punching a mirror is painful for your hand.
More people die from drug overdose than guns... Because guns can't take drugs.
What's the worst thing Willie Nelson can tell you while giving you a handjob? I'm not Willie Nelson
What do pirates do with their treasure in the winter? They BURy it
Why did the kangaroo love the little  Australian bear? Because the bear had many fine koala-ties!
It's racist how they always put Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd in a bad neighborhood.
I texted someone ""hell yeah" but autocorrect changed it to ""hell year"" because even our phones know.
For the record ladies, your insecurities about your bodies is a bigger turn off to guys than your bodies ever could be.
If the secret ingredient in Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Latte was the tears of underprivileged children, white people would still drink it.
One man's whore is another man's whore.
The chicken Why did the chicken cross the road? He didn't. He was to chicken.
WAITER:What would you like? ME:What would YOU like? W:Excuse me? M:No one ever asks you, do they? W:*tearing up* No.. they don't. Thank you.
Do you know what else are nazis? The other 25 letter of the alphabet.
Why was the Queen of Horses hated by her subjects? Because she was too ahoof.
Want to get really stoned? Commit adultery in Iran.
A third grader opens the door and yells to his mom. ""Mom! Today I found out I have a bigger penis than all the other kids!"" ""That's because you're 23, Tyrone.""
What's the difference between three penises and a joke? Your mom can't take a joke.
I hate it when girls say the wrong name during sex They know my name isn't someone help
Barring any distractions, it only takes about three months to teach a meerkat how to throw knives.
""Dear God, make me a bird, so I can..."" *turns into penguin* ""DAMMIT I WASN'T FINISHED!""
What kind of fish is made from two sodium atoms? A 2na
A drummer with no feet spoke poorly of the lead singer. His articulations were baseless.
I hate One Direction fans... Oscillating ones cool down a room much better.
What two things should people stop shaking because shaking hurts these things development? Polaroid Integral Film and Babies
Haegel, Nietzsche and Aristotle walk into a bar... Why?
Jesus Christ excrement unearthed in Isreal.... ""Well, Holy Shit!""
What do you call a master at guessing Anime characters? Guesu
[Offensive] How do you offend homeless people? By telling them knock knock jokes!
A condom doesn't guarantee safe sex. My friend was wearing one when he was shot by the woman's husband.
I met a girl with 12 nipples Sounds funny, dozen tit?
If Gravemind from Halo did product placement... We exist / Together now Two corpses / In one grave Burma-Shave
Let's take all the bad science jokes... And barium.
So much to say. So not drunk enough to say it.
Cops are looking for a fat bank robber. He's still at large.
What is a gay orc's favorite gay bar to go to? MANFLESH.
Sorry but your password must contain an uppercase letter, a number, a haiku, a gang sign, a hieroglyph, and the blood of a virgin.
Don't give people who take selfies a hard time they're just trying to save face
Passed a vampire, a zombie, and a prostitute on the way to work tonight. Not sure which ones were in costume...
The Pope is really setting a high bar for giving something up for Lent.
Next week I have an MRI scheduled to find out whether or not I have claustrophobia.
I'll never forget my grandfather last words to me ""Stop shaking the ladder you cunt!""
mom: I'm not your friend I'm your mother! [20 years later] mom: why won't you accept my friend request on FB? I'm your mother
My girlfriend's father is pretty religious and said we couldn't make love... which is rather disappointing because he's extremely handsome.
My anti-social behavior reached a new high today when I was un-invited to a wedding, and it made my day.
I'm on a whiskey diet. You should try it, I've lost 3 days already.
A woman screams as she gives birth... ""What's wrong, honey?"" her husband asks. ""What's wrong?!?"" the woman shouts, ""THESE CONTRACTIONS ARE GOING TO BE THE DEATH OF ME!"" ""Sorry babe. *What is* wrong?""
[Sci fi movie] How did you travel such a distance so fast? ""I went through a wormhole."" Worms in the audience: Omg this is so unrealistic.
What beer do elderly rednecks drink? Silver Mullet
A man tries to buy a trampoline... but his check bounces.
How did Gertie Gorilla win the beauty  contest? She was the beast of the show!
Twitter's new ""local"" feature tells me that ""goodmorning"" and ""nowthatsghetto"" are trending here in Washington. Wow. This is a game-changer.
Calm down 'Fitbit' joggers. I can drink one 5-Hour Energy and reach my target heart rate without even getting off my couch
Women think they are smart for faking orgasm Men fake whole relationships just to get sex.
What is Relative Humidity? The sweat on your balls when you screw your cousin.
So, a snake walks into a bar.... And the bartender asks in surprise ""how'd you do that?!""
When I search Canadian cats in Google... It just gives me a bunch of lynx.
Fist bumping high fives since 94'
Women are cursed, and men are the proof.
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He drank espresso before it was cool.
Good cop: We know it was you. Just confess. Murderer: I didn't do nothin' Breaks the fourth wall cop: Your name in this tweet is Murderer.
*appears in puff of smoke at a public pool* ""Warning, what you're about to see may shock you!"" Hey! What are y- *touches live wire to water*
4/10 Teachers in the UK 'assaulted by pupils' This is terrible... Go for us in assemblies, we're all grouped up. You can't miss!
What's the difference between a feminist and a computer? You can punch information into a computer.
What's the difference between Rutgers and Rikers? One turns young people into horrible human beings and the other is jail.
A dying man looks up into his wife's eyes and says, ""Honey, before I go I have something I need to tell you."" To which she replies, ""I already know, dear. That's why I poisoned you.""
7 has started saying ""your life just got better" whenever he enters the room
So glad Facebook has changed the layout again!!  Said no one, ever...
sew myself into an anime body pillow, trick some unsuspecting outcast into loving a human. the ultimate prank
[morning] her: did you dream about me? me: that depends...are you a member of the Backstreet Boys? her: umm no me: then no
People from Wisconsin always make... Cheesy jokes.
Someone tried to tell me a joke in real life and it went on and on and on for like 3 sentences.
[Eating unhealthy potato at restaurant] Cop: You're under arrest. Me: What's the charge? [Lowers sunglasses] Cop: a salt and buttery.
I'm going to stand outside, so if anyone asks I am outstanding.
A Man Walks Into A Bra... Dyslexia's a bitch, ain't it.
Has the passing of the holidays left you feeling alone in the world, unloved and depressed? Don't worry, Valentine's Day is coming right up!
Kanye West is opening up a breakfast restaurant... Omelette You Finish
What do you get is you cross a ghost with a  packet of potato chips? Snacks that go crunch in the night.
What's green and eats nuts? Syphilis.
Whenever someone jokingly replies, ""Blocked" I laugh and laugh and then go check.
One Liner I've smoked so much pot the zig zag man has a tattoo of me on his arm. [Jokes] #jokes
Him: Can I have a bite of your dessert? Me: I think we should see other people.
In Soviet Russia, tired joke format tweets YOU.
My 3yo's bedtime stories include: ""Three-Hour Run-On Sentence" followed by, ""Ask For a Drink 500 Times" and finally, ""You Skipped a Page.""
An invisible man marries an invisible woman... The kids were nothing to look at either.
I'm pretty happy that human skin isn't see-through.
""How was the beach? You hang ten or what?"" No but I stabbed a couple because they kept asking stupid questions about my vacation
Ramen again? This guy's a mess. -mice in my kitchen
My fortune cookie just says Hahahaha. Is that good?
*pounding on her chest* DON'T DIE ON ME KAREN! *pounds harder* (sobbing) BREATHE DAMMIT! CPR instructor: Ok, so that was wrong.
7 days without a pun... Makes one weak.
Why don't paperclips move around a lot? They like being stationery.
Why do Germans fear hotdogs with cheese? Because for them, it is a Wurst-Kase scenario.
Me: How are you feeling Grandpa? Grandpa: Oh you know with my hands mostly.
What do you get when you mix a broccoli and a melon? The saddest vegetable known to man: a melonccoli.
How many days are there in Canadian February? About Twenty, eh.
Why is Bill Cosby like the The Wizard of Oz? Cosby Cosby Cosby Cosby cos, because of the wonderful things he drugs
I like my women like I like my coffee From that cheap place down on the corner.
I just gave birth... I had a cow.
I'm starting a prostitution ring for ex-cops.... I'm calling it Fuck The Police.
Shockingly True What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable? The wheelchair.
Helen: Mum do you know what I'm going to  give you for your birthday? Mum: No dear what ? Helen: A nice teapot. Mum: But I've got a nice teapot. Helen: No you haven't. I've just dropped it.
I've heard of sleepwalking on Ambien but the cabbie dropped me off and seems I flew to New Mexico, got peyote, ate a burrito, and flew back.
I ALSO wrote a poem! ''I do drugs, you do drugs, we do drugs, they do drugs'' Now, I know it's not the best, but it's pretty dope.
So a guy walks into a cow Moo
How do you paint a wall with dead babies? It depends how hard you throw them.
God and the devil were arguing with each other... ... God says to him ""I've had it! I'm taking you to court."" The devil says back ""yeah? Well where are you going to get a lawyer?""
What're nuts on a wall? Bob: What are nuts on a wall? Dan: walnuts? Bob: What are nuts on a chest? Dan: Chestnuts? Bob: What are nuts on your chin? Dan: Chinnuts? Bob: No, dick in your mouth!
How many Mexicans does it take to build a....... oh shit, they're done.
Whats green and goes round and round at 100 miles an hour ? A frog in a blender !
Germanwings 'Knock Knock' joke. *Knock Knock* Who's there? *A Germanwings pilot* A Germanwings pilot who? **LUBITZ, LET ME IN GODDAMNIT, YOU'RE GONNA CRASH THE PLANE!!**
There are two types of people I can't stand. Nosy people, and people who won't tell me what the hell they're whispering about.
I don't have an inner child. I have an inner old person who wants everyone to shut up.
You never get a second chance to make a first impression... ...unless you keep a stash of roofies on you at all times.
Bruce Jenner jokes Let's get these rolling!!
Some dark humor... Knock knock Who's there? 9/11 9/11 who? YOU SAID YOU WOULD NEVER FORGET!
As a child I remember lying in bed with my eyes closed waiting for Santa to come. Then there was the awkward silence as he got dressed and left.
What do you call an Italian man with a rubber toe Roberto
Nothing makes sex more awkward than realizing your kid is awake... and standing outside your door... and playing the harmonica.
the compUtah Maineframe has crashed and Idaho how to fix it. Alaska round to find out Hawaii it happened. Are Delaware of the situation?
Why did the baker have smelly hands? ...because he kneaded a poo.
I heard diarrhea is hereditary It runs in your jeans
A Chicken and an Egg are laying in bed together. The chicken takes an unsatisfied drag on her cigarette and says ""Well. I guess we answered that question.""
I like my coffee how I like my Death Stars: Gigantic, on the Dark Side and powerful enough to destroy a planet.
She can't leave if you're wearing all of her clothes.
American insults must be awkward in french The word douche in douchebag translates to shower
One minute without you feels like 60 seconds.
One fish, two fish, red fish WHO LEFT THEIR BLOODY TAMPON IN THE FUCKING FISHBOWL?
A man says, "" It's raining cats and dogs!"" The Chinese man comes out of his house with his chopsticks immediately...
My Vietnamese roommate is moving to Vegas (giving me a place to crash in Vegas), and leaving behind a full bedroom set for free... This is a real Nguyen-Nguyen situation for me.
Yelling REEEEEMIX, when your boss stutters on a conference call is looked down upon.
Why is a Christmas tree like a bridegroom? After the big day, its balls are the first thing to come off.
I wanted to tell a joke about a blind people.. ..I figured they wouldn't see it.
A Japanese teenager approaches his father nervously... ""Dad, I have to tell you something. Please don't be upset, but I'm gay."" ""How could I not be upset?! Why not gay plus!?""
I once made an error in little league, When I signed up to play.
If your online dating profile says ""I don't have sex on the first date"" then that's why you're on a dating website.
What do you call a one legged female pirate? ARRRRlene...
Day 1: Brad wears no pants Day 2: Brad wears no pants Day 3: Brad wears no pants ... ... This is just a bottomless Pitt
Q: What did the dinosaur say when he saw  the volcano explode? A: What a lavaly day!
What's a pirates favorite letter? ""argh..."" ""NO, IT BE THE SEA""
All my Facebook friends are starting to have kids. Better deactivate my acct. before they try to guilt me into liking pics of their aliens.
What song people listen to while jumping off skyscrapers? Let the bodies hit the floor by Drowning Pool.
Everyone is freaking out about all these glasses that glow under a backlight... ... But my sheets have been glowing under backlights since I was 14
I'll never understand why anyone would buy one of those flesh-colored Volkswagen beetle cars, it's like driving a giant testicle.
The last words of my gym teacher: ""All spears to me!""
How come there are no Olympics in Mexico? Because all of the Mexicans that can run jump and swim are already in America.
When the machines rise up against us humans, I really hope ... ...I really hope I'm nowhere near a dildo factory...
What do you call a greedy crab? Shell fish......
Weather man said all you need today is sunglasses and sunscreen but I think I'll put some clothes on too.
Why didn't the feminist picnic work out? because they all refused to make sandwiches.
Good comedy is like health insurance Some just can't get it
55 in a 25 and let's just say I wasn't referring to my driving.
My dishwasher broke down and stopped working So I remarried
You want to know a neat trick to get yourself to stop being annoyed by a baby crying? Close the lid to the dumpster.
""I hate hashtags!"" Dad screams as he smashes his #1 Dad coffee mug against a wall.
They say people couldn't have everything because they don't have enough space to put it, I say 'everything' includes a bag with infinite space so I can put everything in easily.
Why did the investment bankers start dating? Compound interest
The main reason Santa Claus is so jolly is because... he knows where all the bad girls live. :3
Damn girl , are you a TV ?? Because you got all eyes on you !
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff, but he round house kicked the deputy.
What is the favourite meal of pakistani taliban members? Tikka Malala
whats that detective, the serial killer is in the mall? i'll hack into their security cameras real fast [types ""job openings"" into google]
What did the city say to its father before it left for Mexico? Ciudad
My boss refused to give me a raise until I whipped him with my belt. It took some feirce negotiating, but he finally buckled.
So Miley Cyrus was hospitalized after an allergic reaction. Apparently the ecstasy she took was made in a facility which also processes tree nuts.
You ever notice most Ford vehicle names are more fun when you put ""anal"" in front? Probe, Explorer, Excursion...
People think that in Africa we ride lions and elephants to work. That's ridiculous, we don't have jobs.
[NSFW] My wife and I kept on arguing about who should be on top of whom during sex. Now I'm not saying I won, but I came out on top
Why was Noah such a compelling character? He had a good ark.
Why Donald Trump might win the election but resign on the first day? He finds out he has to move in to a small house in a black neighborhood!
Buying a new car and online dating are sort of the same thing... You're looking for the youngest model with the least amount of miles on it.
What do Australians call the state in which Sydney is located? (nsfw) New South Fucking Wales
Where did Noah keep his bees? In the ark hives
Knock Knock. Who's there? I eat mop. I eat mop who?
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister in the jaw
what's the difference between 3 cocks and a joke? your mom can't take a joke.
How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb? None. Let the bitch cook in the dark!!!
Bro. It's not ladies man, it's ladies' man. Chicks dig a dude who can navigate a plural possessive.
Q: Why couldn't Batman go fishing? A: Because Robin ate the worms.
Greeting card [cover] Sorry to hear about your Alzheimer's [inside] Sorry to hear about your Alzheimer's
""I'M NEVER DRINKING AGAIN!"" Brain: LOL Empty bottles: LOL Wine shop owner: LOL New bottle: LOL Bottle opener: LOL Liver: LOL Me: LOL
I'm disappointed *The Social Network* movie about Facebook didn't have an epic Farmville scene.
What do you call a female roach with a weiner? A transpestite.
Are you a bandicoot? Because I would crash for you.
This is not a joke. All of the jokes here suck and or are reposts.
What do you call the stupidest fish in the sea? A dumb bass.
Noah's ark. A side story. An elephant asks a dinosaur: -Did Noah send you a friend request on facebook? -No ............. -That's bad...
What disease do you get from kissing birds? Chirpes. It's one of those canarial diseases. They say it's untweetable.
What's the difference between a movie rental machine and several prehistoric towns? One is Redbox, the others are Bedrocks.
Why don't mexicans have barbeques? the beans keep slipping through the grill.
This wrinkle cream made my balls look like some weird balloon animal.
""Bacon gives you cancer"" is the 2015 version of ""touching yourself causes blindness.""
My parents raised me as an only child... Which really upset my sister
What do University of Miami, Florida State, and University of Florida football fans have in common? None attended the University of Miami.
Read this in an email by the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) - science joke ""This newsletter is printed from 100% recycled electrons.""
Bath time without my phone: 10 minutes Bath time with my phone: 45 minutes 75 retweets 1 wrinkly baby
Today I found out my toaster wasn't waterproof I was shocked!
Autocorrect can be a real birch. Dammit!
The programmer to his son: ""Here I brought you a new basketball."" ""Thank you daddy but where is the user's guide?""
What does a cynical Irishman drink? Whiskey sour
So my dad was all ""stop eating my pills"" and then I was like ""stop melting into the floor and spinning multi colored webs you talking lamp""
A Russian guy goes for an eye test The doctor tells him to read the following : MHXYHDGUGNKAZ. Then the Russian says"Read this? I even know that guy, he is my cousin's friend.
My dad asked me if I wanted to join an acapella group in college I told him I was straight.
What does a bunny do to a bank? Rabbit
Relationship status: Autocorrect changes my girl to my grill.
dont read space facts to try to calm yourself down bc it doesnt work.for example the moon is not round it is shaped like an egg. im furious
What's the difference between a shi-tzu and a community organizer? Zu.
How many Patriots fans does it take to screw in a light bulb? None. They're fine sucking each other's dicks in the dark. Preemptive edit: Not my joke.
So I told my girlfriend I had a job in a bowling alley She said ""Tenpin?"" I said, ""No, it's a permanent job."" - Tim Vine, King of the one liners.
Fire alarms should just play Nickelback Anyone who stays in the building deserves what they get.
This tweet is made from 100% recycled characters.
What is the cutest car? A BM-cuddle-U
Just saw the Lego Movie... ...it was very well *pieced* together! (Got this off Doug Benson's 'Doug Loves Movies' podcast)
Why do elephants hide behind trees? To trip ants.
How do you know your at a gay BBQ? The hotdogs taste like shit.
[at oceanside seafood restaurant] Me: Is the fish fresh here? Waiter: Yes *from the kitchen, a fish blows me a kiss & waves seductively*
My penis was fired today... so if anyone has any openings I can fill, let me know.
There isn't anything that keeps you awake at night like a case of the what ifs.
If you can't hang Don't be a runaway slave
I told my girlfriend I could use a little pussy She said ""me too, mine's as big as a house."" Credit: Predator (1987)
GEEK BOOTY CALL... CHARISMA Looks like somebody rolled a 20 on their Charisma check!
A midget psychic broke out of prison. Now there's a small medium at large.
How did Jared Fogel lose 60 pounds? He broke up with his girlfriend.
God's plan to use wasps to pollinate didn't work out. So he had to resort to Plan Bee.
Why did Dave Grohl buy such a tall house? He wanted to make sure he was getting the best, the best, the best, the best-a view.
I like my rum like I like my women Twelve years old and mixed up with Coke.
I thought making cheese was hard. But it was a brie-eze.
A grizzly mauled a guy in an elevator... but I couldn't bear to see it go down.
Me: Doctor, it hurts when I go like this. Doctor: You're not doing anything. You're just sitting there being alive. Me: Exactly.
What do landfills and hookers have in common? Uncovered loads cost double
""Damn you, Autocorrect!!!!"" - Mark Zuckerberg, who had intended to announce that he was giving away 99% of his socks
What kind of fruit is also a vegetable? Elton John in a coma.
What do people say when you win a game in Egypt? Game, *Set,* and match.
Jesus loves you. A wonderful thing to hear in church. A terrible thing to hear in jail.
WIFE: He makes everything into a wood pun ME: This couch has such great lumber support WIFE: See?? THERAPIST: Try to stop ME: Oakey dokey
I am so drunk, i'm going to regreddit tomorrow! regReddit GET IT? wow, this is as dry as california.
Why did the scare crow win the award? He was out standing in his field. This has Always been my favourite pun.
I did bad and I should feel bad What do you call a group of dead, visually impaired people? Horizontal blinds.
Q. What do you instantly know about a well-dressed man? A. His wife is good at picking out clothes.
My wife said I needed to grow up I was speechless It's hard to say anything when you have 45 gummy bears in your mouth
My friend asked me what I thought about Internet message boards. I said ""I'm all forum""
Doritos has a new snack called ""Taco Explosion"" so I'm suing Frito Lay for stealing my term for what occurs an hour after eating Taco Bell.
I just found out that the guy who stole my journal has died. My thoughts are with his family.
Caveman1: look, I invent wheel Caveman2: what we do now? Caveman1: wait for Jesus to take wheel Caveman2: dum dum Jesus not invented yet
What language does a boxer who punches jokes speak? Punjabi-ng.
My mum showed my girlfriend my baby photos. ""You haven't changed at all" said my girlfriend. ""Alright mum" I said, ""that's enough of the naked ones.""
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb? (snicker) *You don't know?*
Assorted nuts... ...was the name of the insane asylum.
What is long, pink, and drags along the ocean floor? Moby's Dick
If I get bit by a vampire at this age, I'm going to be furious.
Guess what came in the mail today? Deez nuts. HAH GOT EM!
When's the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth hurty (2:30)
What's the best part of two lesbians marrying? Two cooks in the house.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80 years old? Ayeee-Matey
Maybe the reason that goats are so angry is because they don't have hands to stroke those magnificent beards with while pondering quandaries
Did you hear about the new cologne Chris Brown put out? I heard it was a real hit with the ladies.
Guys GUYS wait! Stay awake, for God's sake stay awake because I just found out if you die on Twitter YOU DIE IN REAL LIFE!
Nice shoes They really stand out
Difference between a prostitute and a slut The prostitute sleeps with everybody. The slut sleeps with everybody except me.
What do you call an earthquake in NYC? Harlem Shake.
Apparently the meteor passed within 17,000 miles of the planet last night. Nearly as far away as my wife parks from the kerb.
Strap-on If you're thinking of purchasing a strap-on, you don't want to rush into the decision...you're going to be stuck with it for life.
A Texan goes to a car dealership He sees a car he likes and says ""Gee that's a byoot!"" The Dealer responds ""That's not a Buick that's a Honda!""
Boobs are the original WMD's. Weapons of Man's Destruction.
what would Netflix even do if i sent them back a DVD of me doing karate they'd have no choice but to add it to their collection i suppose
A son walks up to his dad and tells him: ""Dad, did you know in other countries you don't know who your wife is until you get married?"" His dad replies: ""It's like that everywhere son.""
Why don't men have mid-life crises? They stay stuck in adolescence.
I was almost in a devil's threesome once, but at the last minute the other guy backed out. So i looked at the girl and said... ""Well that's a load off your back""
When I die use my body to block up a water slide. No one should have fun once I'm gone
Of course I believe you are God's gift to women. He gave us periods and painful childbirth. Why not you too?
I visited my friend in his flat He told me to make myself at home. So I kicked him out. I hate having visitors
My stove is the most expensive cigarette lighter I've ever purchased.
How do you end world hunger? Put Turkey in Greece to cook it, then cut it up and put it into Chile. Then put it on China and give it to Hungary.
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken? Christopher Reeve
[finds sock with hole in it] *gets angry* [puts sock back in same drawer] *repeats forever*
5yo just abandoned his post as goalie so he could confirm we would be getting Chipotle for dinner. Because he is my child.
My girlfriend is like an 07 Nappa Valley Pinot Noir Full-bodied and matured, pairs well with meat, and has a smooth, aromatic aftertaste
HALF-LIFE 3 CONFIRMED!!!!! lol
Remember: if the Pilgrims had shot a bobcat instead of a turkey, we'd all be eating pussy on Thanksgiving ...
Chuck Norris once screamed ""bloody murder"" in sign language for the hearing impaired.
What do you call a gay guy in a coma? A watermelon.
What is a pirate's least favorite letter? Dear Sir/Ma'am, We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons: 1. Illegal Downloading
What do you call a waterfall that flows upwards? Viagra falls!
Ramadan is the only time I can get a date every night
Boss: You can't drink while you're working! Me: Oh, I'm not working.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Orange you glad I didn't say banana?
What's your favorite joke? mine's Womens Rights.
What do you get with a corduroy condom? A groovy kind of love.
[Racist] What does a black women do after having a water birth? Flush the toilet.
Wanna feel old? Helium formed for the first time 13.8 billions years ago.
My IB Extended Essay is like a hot slut. I have to do it, and it sucks balls.
Why is Santa always happy? Because he knows where the naughty girls live. (a kid told me this one)
Forgot I started my stopwatch. It's now been 139:27.05 since I wondered how long it takes me to run five miles.
A lot of rappers had Diddy issues when they were growing up.
My drug dealer just bought me a new pair of sneakers for Christmas I can't tell what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day
Three ways to tell if you're dating an Octopus: 1. They give awesome hugs 2. They have no skeleton 3. Every date is at the aquarium
Let's turn this Pizza Hut into a pizza home.
[GF comes home to find our son alone] Where are you? I said to watch him like a hawk! ME: [soaring 20m above w/ a beakful of mice] I AM
My Ex told me I overanalyse things... I'd believe her but she uses that excuse 19.3% of the time.
One day two blind men started fighting. Pretty soon a crowd surrounded them. Then one of the members of the crowd yelled out ""I bet 10 bucks on the one with the knife."" Both men ran away.
I live in constant fear that my kid will become a famous artist or painter and I will have thrown out about a trillion dollars of her work.
Back in my day, we didn't have Twitter, Facebook, or even the internet. Guys would have to walk uphill for days to tell me that I'm gay.
Jared Fogle Of Subway Started and Ended His Career The Same Way. Trying to get into smaller pants.
Woah guys, did you hear Oxygen and Magnesium got together? OMg!
There once was a zoo with only one animal... It was a Shih Tzu
My friend told me it's impossible to avoid cops But I know there's waze.
My girlfriend just replied to my text saying she is up for a threesome tonight! Now I am anxiously waiting for my wife to reply.
*sneezes* ""MY DUST COLLECTION!""
A world renowned chef undercooked the meat It was a rare misteak
Madonna is tryin to get Spice Girls back together. Only condition is she gets to join them. They gonna call her Old Spice.
The only way to make conservatives feel threatened by climate change is to convince them the climate is gay.
[breaking up yet another fight] Me: Why do you always fight with your sisters? 6-year-old: Because I always win.
What do Saddam Hussein and Little Miss Muffet have in common? They both had kurds in their way. (Curds in their whey.) ***This joke is phonetically superior to its' written version.
If 40 is the new 20, does that mean 20 is the new 10, and if so, do I need to delete these photos off my phone?
I keep having these fantasies about the beautiful Lottery Lady on Saturday Evening TV ... .... No, not about winning the jackpot, I'm imagining her holding my balls in her hands.
Me: *puts ferret in box with cat* Mom: What are you doing? Me: Making carrets! Mom: Carrots? Me: Yup! *plays Barry White* Cat: *yowls*
What's the main ingredient when making pickle bread? Dill dough.
Football gave me a traumatic brain injury and I was only watching.
One Wish If I was a governor the first thing I'd do, is make having a family garden an excessive tax write-off: and I'd have the most beautiful state ever.
Why do smarter people last longer when having sex? Because it takes twice as long to fuck their brains out
Ever hear of Henry, Santa's brown nosed reindeer? He is just as fast as Rodolph but couldn't stop as quickly.
Knock knock? Who's there? ...It's Johnny, grandma... A single tear rolled down the boys face. Alzheimers was taking its hold on her.
I have a fear of speed bumps but I'm slowly getting over it.
How many hipsters... does it take to screw in a light bulb? It's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
I hope no one tells the kids in Africa we have forums on our computers where we can just complain about stuff.
My wife says I can join your gang but I have to be home by 9.
""Sir, we are mining too many useless ores"" *Hitler rubs chin* So mine less. [GRAMMAR NAZI BUSTS IN] ""MINE FEWER."" [Hitler looks up] Yes?
Sometimes when I get a compliment I stop, moonwalk out of the room and yell ""Thank You ""just to leave them hanging.
To avoid identity theft when I die I want to be shredded.
I once shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas I'll never know.
My boobs are nice so I don't have to be.
my resume is just one page that reads, ""i really need money, you guys" in an over-sized comic sans font.
How do you drown a hipster? In the mainstream.
My resolution was to read more so I put the subtitles on my tv.
A mailman delivers mail, and a milkman delivers milk. I'm a lineman. **I deliver lines.**
What is the difference between a jew and a pizza? A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven
What did the hillbilly say when he saw the new C7 Vette? NAS-car
What do you say when Al Gore writes computer code? He's writing an Algorithm!
Dr. Frankenstein enters a bodybuilding competition... It seems he wildly misunderstood the rules.
Don't read this if you don't like sensitive topics Biting into an ice cream
I was the principle subject in a lengthy experiment on laziness They told me the results but I couldn't be fucked listening.
If the election were held today, a lot of people would be like, ""I thought the election was on November 6th.""
Parents, talk to your kids about grammar. Forget drugs and sex, they'll learn that shit on the streets.
Someone with a thick Italian accent walks up to a man and says ""I really like europeanness.""
What do Lewinsky, Monroe, and Reddit have in common? They all went down on a President.
What did the seamen say to his friend? It was a long road, but I ended up coming out a head.
""You are what you eat"" [Eats a confident person] Now we wait...
What's the difference between incest porn and regular porn? The mute button.
What's the difference between a peeping tom and a rapist? A rapist doesn't waste time beating around the bush
If maxi pad commercials didn't exist, us women would have no idea that we're full of blue windshield wiper fluid.
""Cool, I love candles. What's with the knives? Wait, stop. Please stop!"" - pumpkin
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew? You have to stand at the back of the gas chamber
""Give it to me"", she screamed ""I'm so fucking wet, give it to me now"" ""Fuck off"", I said ""this is my umbrella""
[first date] Me: so u just wanna poke ur straw thru that little hole Her: I know how juice boxes work Mom: well isn't she a feisty one?
Have you ever eaten out a Chinese girl on her period? I hear it's a delicacy in some cultures. They call it Egg Drop Soup.
If you cross a telephone and a lobster  what will you get? Snappy talk.
What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other needs oinkment
I did my foreign country report on Ethiopia. It was really easy, I didn't even have to bring the class food.
When on a school trip, somebody pissed in the shower. It really ruined the trip to Auschwitz.
I'm going to make a movie about the raid to steal Osama Bin Laden's porn stash. 'Zero-Dick-Thirty'.
'Come over,' she begged. 'I need you right now!' 'Just turn it off and on again,' he sighed. He hated these late night rebooty calls.
The only ones awake 3am are the lonely & the loved. And also the sick who have to take antibiotics & pain killers.
My best toys run on batteries
my friend told me onions are the only food that make you cry.. so I smacked him in the face with a watermelon. &lt
Why do squirrels have bushy tails? To keep their nuts warm.
An older gentlemen wins a scratch ticket Win for life
""That's one small step for man. That's one open fridge for man. That's one good sandwich for-"" ""Neil! Stop."" ""I WALKED ON THE MOON, JANET""
How often do I make a chemistry joke? Periodically.
Imagine my surprise when I found out that don't is not the abbreviation for donut
""You Americans are so uptight!""  dude from Europe who just kissed your girlfriend on the mouth
Steve Irwin lived the way he died... With animals in his heart.
Apparently when your wife says ""let's make a baby" she doesn't mean assemble an infant from clay and chant The Old Words inside a pentagram
Yeah, sex is awesome. But have you ever put clothes on straight out of the dryer?
What do girls fear that's big, scary, and pink? The Alaskan Bull Worm.
Did you hear about the Circus fire? Yea, it was in tents.
A stepdad should be called a ""Faux Pa.""
If aliens ever attack, I hope they do it in rows of 8, going right and left directly above me. I'm very skilled at shooting aliens this way
A priest with a lisp offered to bring a roamin' Catholic to Paris ... The Catholic, bread in hand, was not impressed.
What supervillain do you know the least about? Loki , because he is low-key.
I'm okay with ""lol"", I'm cool with ""omg"", I even tolerate ""rofl"", but ""smh"" needs to gtfo.
I saw a man yesterday who was so bald I could see what he was thinking.
What do you call a frenchman in the World Cup Final? A referee
Sanders supporters are like... that kid in class that gets Fs and Ds the whole semester and then says ""If I get a 100 on the final I can still get a C""
Freddy thought he was the true nightmare until he met Chuck Norris who roundhouse kicked and from that day Freddy hides in fear thinking a nightmare in texas
[Lies on resume about having gone to preschool] Boss: You're hired. Your first task is to make me a macaroni picture. Me: *eyes widen* what
Foal me once, I have a baby horse. Foal me twice, no one needs this many baby horses. Foal me thrice, please stop. I have no room for them.
I used to be addicted to soap But im clean now
I was so ugly when I was born, The doctor smacked my mother!
What is Jeremy Clarkson's PIN number? Nought two sixty.
5yo slooowly walks by: ""Hi, mom and dad."" 4yo slooowly walks by: ""Hi, mom and dad."" CODE RED CODE RED
How many doors are on a chicken coop? Two. If there were four, it would be a chicken sedan
You know what they say... 99% of lawyers give the rest a bad name
What did the Doe say when she walked out of the bushes? I'll never do that for two bucks again.
I'd read a book written by the person who pushes the room service cart into people's hotel rooms.
You wanna hear a joke? Me attempting to tell a funny joke.
I have a new low score on the Wells Fargo game I downloaded on my iPhone.
Unlike his famous father, Lord Kelvin's son never amounted to much. He was an absolute zero.
Q: Why did the boy take a ruler to bed with him? A: To see how long he slept.
Yo momma so fat you can see the entire couch behind her due to gravitational lensing.
Me: I want a pet dragon! Life: HERE'S A CAT WITH IRRITABLE BOWEL SYNDROME.
Being a vegatarian is a missed-steak!
What happened when the cannibal ate the  speaking clock? It repeated on him.
You see a rat stealing pizza, I see a rat providing for his four turtle children
My friend was frozen to absolute zero... He's pretty 0K with it.
They say that endorphins make you happy... and blind orphans make you sad.
Thank God there are no Bible verses shorter than 140 characters.
Reasons why it's bad that Justin Bieber is retiring: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Are hamburgers male? Yes because they're boygers not girlgers!
The past, the present and the future walk into a bar... ...Then things got tense.
Nothing better than shutting the door and jerking off after a long day And it's even better if the uber has heated seats
My best friend's marriage is such an inspiration. As a reminder that there are worse things than dying alone.
I've never had anyone at hello.
Sleep It's better than the rest
Hey, smiling strangers. No thanks.
Thank God It's Monday"" ~ My Liver
I named my hard drive ""Dat Ass"" So every month or so my computer asks me if I wanna back dat ass up
The fact that axe handles are made of wood is the ultimate ""fuck you"" to trees.
Why are most male politicians gay? They can only mandate.
Why you shouldn't ask Napoleon for money He's a bit short
Real ghost niggas eat the BOOty
Ladies, here's a secret. The moment you are happy and over us, we will send you a text saying that we miss you.
I just read Jared Fogle was assaulted in prison He was also a-peppered and covered in lettuce. Don't know if the story has any meat to it.
Waiter what is this cockroach doing on my ice cream sundae ? Skiing sir !
*into earpiece during date* Ok now maintain eye contact No not that kind of contact Bro do not touch her eyes Get your eye away from hers
Sometimes on a clear cool night I look at the stars for hours and wonder what cool things I'd be doing if my Internet weren't down.
Where do the sith get their clothes? Darth Mall
When my son gets uppity, I like to remind him that I'm totally nailing his mom.
LPT: If you ever find yourself lost in the wild... ...simply misspell the SOS signal and some arsehole will show up within minutes to correct you.
Last night me and and my girlfriend watched three movies back-to-back.. Luckily I was the one facing the TV!
I thought landlady was the opposite of mermaid?
There are four main food groups: 1. Canned 2. Frozen 3. Drive-thru 4. Fried
My friends daughter just recently turned 9 years old and has started asking him those embarrassing questions about sex. Hell, just this morning she asked him ""is that the best you can do?""
What's Chris Martin's favorite drink? Apple Martini
What do acids hate Lyes
If a dentist makes his money off unheathly teeth,why should I trust a toothbrush 4 out of 5 dentist approve?
I had an out-of-body-wash experience in the shower today.
Pamela Anderson turns 43 today but her tits are barely old enough to buy a drink in this city.
After #Brexit, the pound crashed... ...it's down to ten ounces.
I couldn't bear it anymore. Lol. - Bear suicide note.
My family tells me that I talk in my sleep almost every night.. But they don't say anything like that to me at work.
Why can't the blonde get her drivers license? Everytime the car stops, she wants to jump in the backseat.
The longest Joke is worth the read http://longestjokeintheworld.com/
What is Canadian graffiti like? Canadian graffiti be like, F WORD (sorry)
I thought chiropractors were a waste of money But I stand corrected.
Time is like money, the less we have of it to spare the further we make it go.
What's the difference between garbanzo beans an chickpeas? I don't have to play $50 for a garbanzo bean in my face.
What do you call a geologist who can't hear? Stone deaf...
The tourist: ""Can you tell me why  so many famous Civil War battles were fought on National Park  Sites?""
I married a hot girl from China So I can eat Chinese every night!
What do you call a wolf with Stockholm Syndrome? A Dog.
My upstairs neighbor recently made a groundbreaking discovery... He can't fly
FOX NEWS: ONE WINTER STORM DISPROVES GLOBAL WARMING BUT MORE THAN A BILLION PEACEFUL MUSLIMS ARE AN EXCEPTION TO THE RULE
After killing a spider I wrap the web around his neck and hang him from the wall to make it look like a suicide.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today... ...It is already tomorrow in Australia.
I've come to realize that if a Facebook profile picture has two people in it, It always belongs to the uglier one.
If by mathematician you mean dividing the number of snacks in my car by the number of miles I need to drive, then yes, I'm a mathematician.
What do you call a Japanese Transvestite? Nip Tuck
Why did the orange go to the doctor? Because she wasn't peeling very well... All credit to my 8 yo son who suggested I post it here
""Kids are great when you need help around the house."" - People who don't have kids
What do you call a stupid ant? Antwerp.
If you want to become a beatboxing champion, try zipping up a tight dress.
I asked my friend from North Korea how it was to live there. He said he couldn't complain.
I lost a Scrabble game today when my opponent played the word ""Clitoris"". I was amazed at how fast he found it.
I said this to a mom I met at the park If you were a Galaxy, you'd be the Milfy Way.
My tire was thumping, I thought it was flat. When I looked at the tire, I noticed your cat. Sorry!
The first 1500 pictures of your kids were cute, now it's a bit much.
I like the way baseball players pick up each other's bats after they cross home plate. More sports courtesy, please.
You lost your phone when its' on silent? well too bad! If you liked it, you should have put a RING on it.
You're like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today... ...while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts.
Why do men chase women they have no intention of marrying? For the same reason dogs chase cars they have no intention of  driving...
Jesus take the wheel Carlos take the stereo, Manuel get the seats and I'll be the Juan on watch.
Nothing makes me more suspicious than an unsolicited compliment.
What's the best part about getting AIDS You can only catch it once.
After My Music Lesson, My Teacher Said I Should Be Tenor Tenor twelve feet away from her.
I don't need to be rich, it would just be nice to live in a neighborhood where I could be confident that that noise was definitely fireworks
""Hey Daddy!!! Watch what I can do!!"" - aaaaaaaaand hospital.
I try not to spend too much time online... ...but Wi-Fight it?
What's the difference between light and hard? You can fall asleep with a light on.
Kenya please explain why you called Chad a Niger? You Congo around using words like that or all of a Sudan you Ghana have no place Togo
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew? A pizza doesn't get offended by this joke
What do you call someone who is sexually attracted to fish? Mer-curious
'Hit me with your pet shark' #RuinAn80sSong
Idea: Breathalyzer tests at the airport, to make sure you're drunk enough
A cool thing about me is that I have 3 academic degrees and only several more dollars in the bank
I took my new dog to a Veterinarian. He went in Samoyed but came out Husky.
Was late to my first Fight Club last night so missed the intro rules. Still, Fight Club was brilliant and I'd highly recommend Fight Club.
If you want to get rich why should you keep your mouth shut? Because silence is golden.
A husband and his wife. ""honey I have a confession to make. I've been seeing a psychiatrist"" ""Thats's okay dear"" the wife replied. ""I've been seeing the pool man and our daughter's basketball coach""
I like to think that the lead singer of Limp Bizkit sorts out his own affairs before seeing to other peoples... Durst's things First
Making an effort in 2013 to cut away distractions so I can spend more time with my iPhone.
Leo: *names his child Oscar* Doctor: ""Would you like to hol-"" Leo: ""Say it like we rehearsed it."" Doctor: *sighs* ""And the Oscar goes to...""
You know what screw programming C-out
What's an asexual person's favorite thing to do in the bedroom? Fuckin' nothin'.
Me: Where's your maternity section? Her: Over there. How far along is she? Me: Her? I'm shopping for my Thanksgiving pants. Her...
The Three Up's in life: 1. Show 2. Keep 3. Shut
3 drunk men walked into a bar, but another man came with them. He ducked.
A man enters a pun contest... He writes down 10 puns and puts them into a hat thinking at least one of them would win. Sadly, no pun in 10 did.
""Ooh, a new friend request...who the hell is Iqbal???""
They say faith can't move mountains But I've seen what it can do to skyskrapers
When I'm really bored at work I like to write ""I'm watching you"" on the toilet paper a few squares in just to mess with people.
If Hilary and Trump are stranded on a raft in the ocean, who survives? America. America survives.
Why did the girl bring 2 basketballs to the basketball game? Because there was 2 basketball courts. DUH!
A man walks into a zoo. The only animal in the entire zoo is a dog. It's a shihtzu
Why can't Boy Scouts be MLG? Because they're campers.
People that don't tweet for months and then show up like nothing happened... Was it jail? I bet it was jail.
What do you call a blonde that dyes her hair brown? Artificial intelligence.
Ehhhhh! I lost all my money in a Fonzie scheme.
wooden leg named smith My friend said he knew a man with a wooden leg named Smith. So I asked him ""What was the name of his other leg?""
Why did Princess Diana cross the road? She didn't have her seatbelt on
Why did the people not like the restaurant on the moon? There was no atmosphere
I like my coffee how I like my women. Without some other guys dick in it.
I am still at a loss over Hillary Clinton's defeat and I emailed my consolations to her, but never got a response Do I need to call FBI to look into it
Our WIFI was down yesterday and I spent 45 minutes trying to fix it. Our dishwasher has been broken for 3 weeks and I haven't even touched it.
Maybe leave yourself in a hot car with a window open one inch for 15 minutes while your dog runs into the store
I heard ""...and that's when the fight started."" jokes today for the first time. What's your best one?
Last year I asked a girl out, this year I'd ask her to marry me but... the restraining order is still in effect...
[1st day as lifeguard] Guy: there's someone drowning in the water Me [not looking up from phone]: well it'd be hard to drown in the sand
What is the difference between Donald Trump and Chris Christie? When things go south,Trump burns bridges, Christie just shuts them down.
never trust quotes from the Internet ~Abraham Lincoln
My answering machine message: ""I have caller ID, please don't leave a message, I will not be returning your call."" No beep, just a foghorn.
They call it The ""I'm listening"". They call it The Dr. Crane. They call it... ... tossed salad and scrambled eggs.
Weird, my coworker has bragged all day about his pending vacation and now his headlights have kicked themselves in.
My apartment looks like a Sims house before you figure out the cheat code for unlimited money.
Have you seen the clown that hides from ugly people? I thought not...
all ramen noodles come from one impossibly long noodle of disputed origins. no one knows how much is left or what will happen when it's gone
What did the borg say to the medieval peasant? Resistance if feudal
On Passive-Aggressive Jeopardy, the contestants answer Alex Trebek in the form of rhetorical questions.
Where do babies come from? Well, when a man and a woman drink alcoholic beverages together...
Why don't gays like to play hide-and-seek? Because everyone knows they're in the closet
I think I'm a light eater. As soon as it's light, I start eating.
I cheated on my drug test, with a younger, more attractive drug test.
I come from a stupid family. During the civil war my great uncle fought for the West.
Just heard a little boy call his mom ""mother" as if both had already accepted the fact that he'd become a serial killer some day.
Why did the feminist cross the road? To shout and scream at a gentleman who held the door for a lady.
Stores and their non-secular agendas have switched from selling Christmas stuff to Valentine's Day stuff, completely ignoring Toyotathon.
So I was in math class when the teacher asked me what comes after 69. Apparently, ""I do."" is not the correct answer.
""What's that?"" - My new boss. He's very deciduous"" ""Decisive?"" - Nope. I carved him from a potted tree. *squirrel peeks out of his mouth*
Borderline Crazy!!! A passenger plane crashes on the border of Tanzania and Kenya. Where are the survivors buried?
[dinner negotiations] Wife: where do you want to go to eat? Me: ugh Wife: Me: you pick Wife: I'm craving kale Me: I'll pick
Welcome to the Sexual Innuendo Club Thank you all for coming.
What happens when the president of the United States has to use the bathroom? The state of alert in the White House rises to Defecate 2.
""I suppose you have to live somewhere."" - A more accurate motto for the state of Utah.
What's the definition of a good tax accountant? Someone who has a loophole named after him.
What happens when libertarians and honey badgers don't give a shit together? An ex-lax shortage
I hear Donald Trump is going to ban cans of parmesan cheese... ..he's going to make America grate again.
So a horse comes into a bar... wait crap, I meant a guy... So this horse cums in to a guy (credit to cyanide and happiness)
I blame Picasso for all these women who use markers to draw on their eyebrows.
Q: Why does a dog wag it's tail? - A: No one else will do it for them
[at funeral] Me: ""I'm sorry your husband died in that boating accident in Venice"" Widow: ""please no.... Me: ""you have my gondolances""
Why are hurricane names female because they are destructive until you go inssiiiddee.... came up with this while i was on the water
''You will die alone.'' I hate fortune cookies. Wait! This is a note from my mom!
Which African country has the most obese inhabitants? Burkina Fatso
Wake up your lover by hysterically screaming ""Are you sleeping?!?!""
chemistry What did the scientist say when he found 2 isotopes of helium? ""HeHe""
Why can't the Philippines field an ice hockey team? The players all drowned in spring training.
Obviously we have our own shitty lives to worry about now but it would be fun to all move into a Twitter nursing home in 50 years.
What do you call a man with no shins? Tony.
My favorite thing to do at the library is leave browser tabs open with search results for ""best way to clean vomit off a keyboard??""
A cowboy goes into a shop to buy condoms Cowboy: ""Give me 3 packets of condoms, please."" Cashier: ""Do you need a paper bag with that, sir?"" Cowboy: ""Nah.. She's purty good lookin'.....""
midget in the library midget walks into a library and ask do you have any books on irony? the librarian replies sure they are on the top shelf
Why did the chewing gum cross the road? 'Cause I stepped on it.
Obama supporters are like Christmas lights... Half of them don't work and the other half aren't very bright.
I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and I think, ""Well, that's not going to happen.""
I have often wanted to drown my sorrows. But, I can't get my wife to go swimming.
A satyr walks into a bar... (that's the whole joke)
What kind of fruit isn't allowed to get married? A cantaloupe.
My son keeps putting out the fire in the fireplace Should I take him out of there?
Wanna hear a pun about a sausage? It's the Wurst.
A Grek and an Italian go into a restaurant Who pays? The German. Haha
German vegetarians are real pessimists. They fear nothing but the wurst!
So I made a Guardians of the Galaxy themed soft drink. I call it Groot beer.
I got prescribed an antifungal... ... and now my girlfriend won't come near me.
How do snowmen get around? By icicle.
Business Idea: 1. Buy a taco truck. 2. Park it in front of my house. 3. Sell tacos to myself.
Q: Why is a train like a stick of gum? A: One goes choo-choo
Which is the cheapest bicycle you can buy?  A penny-farthing.
Why do women prefer old gynecologists? Their shaky hands!
Social media is one of the best things to ever happen to stupidity.
I don't want to brag but I have a really nice bum. Found him under the bridge.
This guy on the subway has piercings on both sides of his neck. Mary Shelley would be so proud of her modern influence.
When I stay at a man's house that I want to see again I always ""accidentally"" lose something there, like my phone, my  sweater, or my dignity.
GREEN LIPSTICK Q: Why do blondes wear green lipstick? A: Because red means stop.
What is the difference between a gay man and a hot dog? One is an oscar meyer weiner, the other admires oscar's weinner
There are 10 types of people in the world Those who understand binary, and those who don't... ^^[BADUM'TSS](http://trommelyd.no/)
Did you know Helen Keller had a very pretty dollhouse? Neither did she.
Marriage is full of surprises but it's mostly just asking each other ""do you have to do that right now?""
Good Steak jokes are... A rare medium well done
Jobs are like relationships. You have them, you cry about it. You don't have them, you cry about it.
Hell is an endless cycle of getting comfortable in bed & then suddenly having to pee
I just ran into my barber on the street. He asked me how I liked the haircut he gave me last week. I told him it's growing on me.
What would Hitler have said to the Jews if he were a Keynesian economist? ""In the short run, _you're_ all dead!""
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be baygulls. I'm sorry
Caesar tried to run when the senate came after him... but his leg muscles couldn't carry him fast enough. As he fell to the ground he cried out ""Et tu, glutes!""
I've been watching so much porn lately I spit on my hotdog before putting it the bun.
You know, they're making the prospective Mars astronauts shave their whole bodies prior to departure. That way, when it's time for blastoff... they'll baldly go where no man has gone before.
Knock, knock..(my 8 year old told me this) Knock, knock Who's there? Anna Anna who? Anna one, Anna two
Has anything happened since 2008? I've been looking down at my phone.
I'm ""the cord popped out of the phone cause I tried to stretch it from the kitchen to my room"" years old
Behind every great man... ...is a very surprised mother-in-law.
""We suspect you may have inability to vocalise emotion disease"" ""I can't say I'm surprised"" *doc strokes beard* ""Hmm yes.Just as we thought""
A thief, a child molester and a priest walk into a bar He orders a drink
Terry Schiavo's husband might have kept her alive if he was a vegan. Then he would have an all he can eat vegetable.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Albert ! Albert who ! Albert you don't know who this is !
I got an empty fortune cookie the other day. It was unfortunate.
What did Captain Hook say to Peter Pan? Fuck Niggers !! Lol !!
Did you hear about the blind Rabbi in charge of circumcision? He got the sack!
If a tree falls down in the woods.. If a tree falls down in the woods and nobody's around to react to it, do the Fine Bro's still submit a copyright claim?
That awkward moment where your baby comes out black, and you don't want to keep it, but you have to because you're black too...
A sad dickhead walks into a bar... and the bartender asks him, ""Why the schlong face?""
I had phone sex with my boyfriend over a walkie-talkie. I could hear him coming from a mile away.
Her idea of extending an olive branch was to sharpen one end first, then extend it REALLY hard.
What came first the chicken or the egg? The chicken, eggs can't cum
You hear about the highly-productive pastry factory that has trouble retaining employees? It has a high turnover rate.
God, designing a toddler: ya know what would be hilarious would be if it has no ability to reason but talks nonstop. Also make it trip a lot
David Copperfield's fed up of performing the old trap-door trick... It's just a stage he's going through.
Knock knock.... (Who's there?) Ellen Pao's Resume.
ME: I would like a complaint form ASSISTANT: Sorry, we have none left ME: I would like two complaint forms
If you hold a gift card close enough to your ear you can hear the person who bought it saying, ""this'll do""
What rings twice and screams once? Ray Charles answering the iron
My 10 year old: ""If nothing is faster than the speed of light, how did the darkness get there first."" Me: ""What?""
Overheard two doctors in the emergency ward They were discussing a patient who had arrived with six plastic horses stuck in his rectum. Described his condition as stable.
""NOAH. YOU WILL BUILD AN ARK"" k ""NOT ""K"" THIS IS IMPORTANT"" Sorry ""THATS OK. TAKE 2 OF EVERY ANIMAL ON IT"" Even fish? *THUNDER* ""NO NOT FISH
What flavor is the milkshake? How far away is the yard? How could you know its better than mine? You seem, frankly, a bit overconfident.
What did the one volcano say to the other volcano? Do you lava me like I lava you. It's beautiful.
I've been looking everywhere for my U2 CD... but I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
It takes balls to get a vasectomy.
RIP Paris Terror Attack Victims Never baguette
What's a four letter word for intercourse ending with K? Talk
What does Arnold Schwarzenegger say when Christmas is over?[OC] (please use your Ahnold voice) Hasta la vista, Baby....Jesus.
Tom Hanks is extremely polite... In fact, every time someone asks him for an autograph, he's the one that ends up saying ""T.Hanks""
This guy was all like ""I think you've had enough beers for one night."" Then I'm all ""Fuck you, fridge. Appliances can't even talk.""
Did you hear about the time that shallots, scallions, ramps, and leeks all got together? They tried to onionize.
My neighbor's kids said they loved sneakers. They're huge Vans of them.
Women jokes are not funny Period.
My boss just choked on a breath mint. It was a tough decision to do the Heimlich maneuver because he really needed that mint.
I can cut a piece of wood in half just by looking at it..... It's true, I saw it with my own eyes.
My girlfriend just dumped me for talking too much about video games What a ridiculous thing to fallout 4
What's a German's favorite fruit? An Auto-Bahnana
There was a male striper who absolutely hated his line of work and wanted to quit. The pay was really good though, so he decided to stick it out for a little bit longer.
My boss hates it when I shorten his name to D!ck, Especially since his name is Steve.
My friend told me that he was diagnosed with Dissociative Identity Disorder. I bought him a snickers
This one time the Angels up in heaven decided to do a little striptease for the Gods. Poor Jesus!
I went to my first Muslim birthday party yesterday Most of the party games were normal, but fuck me pass the parcel was scary.
I told my friend that I disproved the theory of conservation of mass, But he didn't understand the weight of the situation.
Q. How can you tell if an engineer is an extrovert? A. Because they look at *your* shoes when they're talking to you.
What's worse than beating a dead horse? Shooting a live gorilla
A donkey walked 12 miles.. but when measured the front leg walked 12 miles but the back legs walked only 10 miles Its because he was walking in a circle
Who's the fattest Knight at the round table? Why? Circumference. Because he ate too much pi.
I need a draft folder for my mouth.
Taking the lives away from 12 baby chicks. Bought an egg carton at the grocery store...
This man says to his friend"" I stopped  driving 10 years ago. Now my wife drives and I just sit there and hold  the wheel.""
I'm having trouble finishing my joke about tree surgery! Stick joke here!
I wish Gene Wilder was still alive today... He'd probably be ecstatic knowing one of his oompa loompa's grew up to be president :')
My son asked what it is like to be married, so I deleted all the music on his ipod except 1 song.
I like my women like I like my whiskey At least 18 years old and mixed up with coke
Hulk Hogan: I struggled to overcome manic-depression. Me [as his therapist]: So you could say you had to wrestle mania? *gets leg dropped*
Confucius say: Man who is outstanding in rain dance will be out standing in rain.
Come on, terrorists. Stuff your pockets with colorful beads before exploding. It doesn't have to be ALL negative.
What does a Mexican use to cut pizza with? Little Caesars!
Why do people shoot up schools? Because it increases the average IQ of the world. It's a public service.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Prius? Porcupines have pricks on the outside
What do you get when you cross a white cow with mad cow disease and a grizzly bear? A bi-polar bear.
What do alcoholics and necrophiliacs have in common? They both love cracking open a cold one!
How do you think the unthinkable? With an ithberg
How do you describe Catwoman in one word? Purrfect
Which 3 words will make a mexican tremble in fear ? Round of 16
M: Come to bed... Her: I have a headache M: You're a robot! H: M: H: ...SELF DESTRUCT [BOOM] M: Nice try but you're still under warranty!
Did you know that Stalin suffered from bulimia? He didn't binge, though, he just purged.
What do you call a man in the window? INNUENDO!!!!!!!
I cannot even fathom how deep the snow is back east! Get my drift?
OMG... JUST OPENED A CUPBOARD AND ALL MY POSTAGE STAMPS ARE PREGNA- Oh wait, it's Ravioli.
Confucius says man who goes to bed with itchy butt wakes up with smelly finger
What does John Cena wash his hair with? Champ who?
What did the banana say to the vibrator? A: Why are YOU shaking? She's going to eat me!
I just ate wood chips covered in lead-based paint... Hopefully I'll ""number 2"" a pencil.
Two wind turbines in a field and one says to the other ""Do you like music?"" He replies ""I'm a big metal fan.""
Time flies like an arrow Fruit flies like a banana
Jesus wasn't just fit.... He was crossfit.
I went to a bingo hall last night. It was good seeing some old faces.
I've known my drug dealer since I was this high.
I saw a fat lady accidentally sit on a phone today I guess you could call that a booty call...
How many men does it take to open a beer? None, the beer should be open by the time she has brought it to you.
You can't out wit a jew but... You can auschwitz him
Me to dad:i'll call u later Dad:don't call me later call me dad
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says, Sorry we don't serve food here.
I'm so antisocial, i won't even meet my potential.
What was the title of the soundtrack to 'The Inconvenient Truth'? Al Gore Rhythms
Me: ""Excuse me, hi"" Her: ""Um, I have a boyfriend"" Me: ""Good for you. I was trying to say your herpes cream fell out of your purse""
What do you call a boring banana? unaPEELING
I'm allergic to football fields They send me into NFLactic shock.
What's the most powerful part of a french tank Reverse gear
A man comes home with a bouquet of flowers for his girlfriend... She says ""I guess I'll have to spread my legs now"" And he replies ""Why, don't you have a vase?""
What's green and lays in a ditch while covered in cookie crumbs? The Girl Scout that got hit by a car.
Mother: What did you learn in school today Son: How to write Mother: What did you write? Son: I don't know they haven't taught us how to read yet!
[God, wasted, creating humans] Angel: How do they cool themselves off? God: *takes a drink* Salt water comes out of them. Angel: How...Ok.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? ...a rip off.
Some people only gets called by their nicknames. Usually it sounds weird to even say their real name.
I hate shopping. No matter how much I try and buy supermarket conveyor belt dividers, the cashier keeps on putting them back!
Have you ever had Ethiopian food? No? Either have they.
What you're feeling, Republicans, is the ghost of Ted Kennedy's nuts on your chin.
My phone died, so I was forced to ""print"" a physical copy of my boarding pass, just like The Wright Brothers used to in the olden days
A good groaner What do you get when you combine an elephant and a poodle? A dead poodle, split in half.
Seasick jokes What do armed forces at sea feel when depressed? The Navy blues What part of the Mac's desktop would seafarers miss when at sea for a loooong time? The Dock
The only thing harder than diamonds a redneck at his family reunion
""Kindly let me help you or you will drown"... ...said the monkey putting the fish safely up a tree.
Why can't ghosts have babies? Because they have Hollow-Weenies!
I greet all my daughter's boyfriends with, ""I used to molest guys like you in prison.""
Who is the most popular guy at the nudist colony? The guy who can carry a cup of coffee in each hand and a dozen donuts.
What's the difference between an Irish Funeral and an Irish Wedding? One less drunk person.
My dad told me never to explain fashion to Tommy, Hilfiger.
What university did Lil Jon go to? YAAAAAAAAALE
I saw a man at the beach yelling, ""Help, Shark! Help!"" I just laughed, I knew that shark wasn't going to help him.
I have a sexual attraction and fetish for car races I just love getting off to a good start
My mom texted me asking what ""DTF"" meant and I told her ""Dedicated To Family""...I seriously can't wait for her to use it.
What do you call a thousand terabytes of child porn? A pedobyte.
Hearing someone say 'first world problems' is now almost worse than many third world problems.
What do you call a residential area for horse lovers? A neighbourhood.
I don't want Harriet Tubman on my $20's I don't want them to be worth 3/5 of their value
How do you tell a racist joke without getting in trouble? Write it down.
One day On Reddit I would love to see ""I'm a schizophrenic... Ask us anything!""
Bill Gates be like: Hi,my name is Bill Gates, Let me teach you how to count: 1, 2, 3, 95, NT, 200, XP, VISTA, 7, 8, 10 Now give me money.
Freedom of expression is great... I can make a kissy face, smiley face or a frowny face, and there's not a damn thing anyone can do about it
I replace all the family pictures my coworkers have on their desks with pictures of baby sloths and suddenly I need professional help?!?
[spelling bee] Your word is 'impossible' ""Oh, well I guess no point in trying"" *walks off stage*
I had surgery today... It was touch n go at first until the doctor came in and made me stop playing grab ass with the nurses.
Most girls on Facebook have more problems than a math text book..
What do you call an unemployed classical musician? Baroque
Lawyers Q:is it true you charge eache question 500 bucks? A:yes. what's the second question?
What's the worst part about being black and Jewish? You have to sit in the back of the oven.
What is Tony Romo's favorite lottery game? Pick Six
What's the speed limit to sex? 68. Once you go 69 you have to stop and turn around.
I broke my finger today... but on the other hand..I'm completely fine!
Fun fact: Peanut butter also sticks to the roof of your ex-husband's BMW
Patrick: ""Did you see my underwear?"" Mindy: ""No."" Patrick: ""Do you wanna?""
Why do they call camels 'ships of the desert'? Because they are full of Arab semen.
I'm the kind of guy who stops the microwave at 1 second just to feel like a bomb defuser.
Sat down to donate blood the other day Nurse: Just a little prick. Me: How'd you know?
What do you get when you step into the ring with Mohammad Ali? Too soon
""Full bath?"" ""Yes sir"" ""Double beds?"" ""Yes sir"" ""Pool?"" ""Yes sir"" ""Maid service?"" ""Yes sir"" ""WIFI?"" ""Yes sir"" ""Kids, I found a campsite!""
My car lease is up and I have to return it back to the dealer today, so I'm practicing jumping out of a moving car.
We have cars that park themselves but I still gotta wave my hand 15 times before a paper towel comes out the dispenser
The man who invented Velcro has died. RIP.
I won every fight in 1st grade. Not because I was tough, because I was 13.
People who aren't entombed in 8 feet of snow, what's it like to live in a tropical paradise?
As a father, I would refuse to give my daughter away at her wedding on the grounds that I would have to be there.
Two bananas are sitting on a river bank.. A turd comes floating by. The turd says "" come on in guys, the waters great!"" The one banana looks at the other banana and says ""you believe that shit!""
Are you from Iraq? Cause i wanna see you Baghdad ass up.
What do you call a sarcastic Canadian cow? Cowlin Mockery
Two Russian kgb operatives are also in a tank One turns to the other and says ""gurgle gurgle"" and they both drown...
I like stuffed animals. Oven baked with breadcrumb stuffing.
Why did the little pig hide the soap? He heard the farmer yell ""Hogwash!""
There was a recent study that tried to pinpoint the effect that alcohol has on walking... the result was staggering.
I was bored at work yesterday, so I gave a colleague a clock and told him to give it to someone else. I had to do something to pass the time.
I LOVE the way the Earth rotates It really makes my day.
Just got bit by a black widow... People are fucking crazy.
When I'm in the car and a sad song comes on the radio, I stare out the window and act like I'm in a movie.
Did you hear about the rookie Rhode Island cop who gave out twenty-two parking tickets before he found out he was at a drive-in movie?
Knock Knock Who's there ! Boo ! Boo who ? Just Boo ! I'm a ghost !
Why hasn't there been a Mexican Disney Princess? Because everyone would just think it's a quinceanera
I like to torture my kids by buying them a new Xbox game, and then taking them to the zoo all day.
What's the difference between a violin and a fiddle? You can spill your beer on a fiddle.
What do you call the guy who graduates last in medical class? Doctor
[my 1st day as a doctor] I can't find a pulse [patient] that's a trashcan. I'm over here [me] hold on, I think this trashcan is dying
Why do you never play uno with a mexican? Because they will steal all the green cards.
Just cleaned out my desk. Bad news: I apparently have 1,453 Sharpies and none of them are sharp. Good news: I found the plane!
My programmer friend keeps telling me I'm using too many brackets. I keep telling him that two wont hold all those books he never reads.
Rey should really make herself a new lightsaber. The one she has now has 100% hand loss rate. \\\_()_/ 
Yo momma cooks so bad... The flys all chipped in and fixed the screen door. &gt
I'm starting a support group for men who have difficulty ejaculating Let us know if you can't come
What do you call a disabled nun? Virgin mobile
Bruce Jenner should legally change his name to Trans
What do Japanese men do when they have erections? Vote.
Some people think vasectomies and castration are similar procedures but there's a vas deferens between the two.
Whats the difference between a mosquito &amp
Poached salmon on a bed of brown rice with peas or Roasted duck with polenta and organic green beans? Choosing dog food is hard.
Life's like my dick Hard and too short
I wanted to watch the inauguration today But Eisenhower late.
In support of France, Canada opens new French province called ""Quebec.""
Why is Santa Claus so jolly? He knows where all the naughty girls live. I actually heard this in the video game LA Noire. Thought it was pretty funny so I bust it out every Christmas.
what does a family dentist and a pedophile have in common? They both fill little kids' cavities. Original by me.
I was wondering why the baseball was getting bigger Then it hit me.
Unshakable Fact # 1 A girl is said to be grown up when she starts wearing a bra. A boy is grown up when he starts removing them.
I opened the door to find my friend masturbating. He yelled ""Close the door!"" So I yelled, ""Get inside!""
Hodor is the ultimate gentleman! He always holds the door.
Guy: [pulls out knife] Me: But I'm allergic to stainless steel Guy: [stabs me] Me: Noooo I'll get a rash
It used to be only death and taxes were inevitable. Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too. 
I had sex last night. Man I hate prison
I don't sign anything without pretending to read it first.
Today, someone asked me if there's a possibility that I know anything about Medieval music. I said, ""not a Gregorian chants"".
owl friend Today, my owl buddy told me he was getting married. I replied 'you twit, to who?'
The moment you realise... The new COD has space battles and Star Wars battlefront doesn't.
What's a pickup artist's favorite breakfast? Steak and negs. In shame and solitude
Hungry Hungry Hippos must get tired of eating the same thing? White spheres, again?
Interviewer: how do you explain the long gap in your resume? Me: I fell asleep with my face on the spacebar
Police are like a box of chocolates.... They'll kill your dog.
Is it alright to kiss a nun? Yeah. As long as you don't get in the habit.
5 y.o.: Why do people congratulate you when Mom is the one making the baby? Me: I helped 5: How? Me: 5: Me: I read her the instructions
What happened when the cannibal got a religion? He only ate Catholics on Fridays!
What did the mama bison say to her son when he went off to college Bison. :&gt
What's the name of that German guy that keeps hiding my stuff around the house? Alzheimer, Grandma.
What's the national anthem of Puerto Rico? ""Attention K-Mart shoppers...""
What powers a robotic Sherlock Holmes Electricity, my dear Watt-Son
How do you kill a one legged Fox? Make him run across Canada
""Excuse me, but the sign says 'No shirt, no shoes, no service.' It doesn't say a goddamn thing about no pants."" - Me, drunk at Target
[Jews being led out of Egypt] Woman: *mumbles* 40 years? He couldn't just stop & ask directions? Moses: WHO SAID THAT? NO MANNA FOR YOU!
What are four ways of spreading information that begins with ""tel""? Telephone, telegram, television, and tell a woman.
FRIEND. My daughter just hates her job ME: My dogter loves hers F: You mean dau.. ME: *shows her a pic of a puppy in scrubs* She's a dogtor
why was Pavlov's hair so soft? classical conditioning.
Today in 1956 the first videotape recording was made. Your mom was young and needed the money.
I tried to hang myself with a bungee chord. I kept almost dying
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple? Finding half a worm in your apple.
I would tell a joke about Jehovah's witnesses... But nobody likes knock-knock jokes
So you kill them with kindness but then what do you do with the bodies WHAT DO YOU DO WITH THE BODIES SO MANY BODIES OH GOD
What is the sheeps market called? The Baa-zar.
And the Lord said to Peter ""come forth and you will receive eternal life"". But Peter came fifth and won a toaster.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue? He ate his food before it was cool
What sort of cheese do you use to get a bear to go on a outing with you? Camembert
The Fine Bros should be join the Criminal Minds team After all, they did find 100k unsubs in just one day.
13 peer reviewed methods for determining whether or not an article is clickbait, number seven in particular has been shown to assist readers. Gotcha.
Lawyers' Ethical Dilemma When a client gives you two hundred dollar bills stuck together from the bank machine to pay a $100 bill, do you tell your law partner?
I feel lazier than the guy who drew the Japanese flag.
I'm like a fireman, I turn the hoes on.
Do you know why they call it the Xbox One? Because you take one look and walk away.
How do rocks feel about moss? It's growing on them.
A police officer mistakenly arrested a judge who was dressed as a convict for a costume party. He quickly learned that you should never book a judge by their cover.
How does Moses make tea? *Hebrews it*
When the Jews wandered in a desert for four whole decades, surely it went from epic fail to epoch fail
In-laws are like hemorrhoids... .... When they come down and go back up it's ok, but when they stay down that's when it's a pain in the ass...
Why do women watch porn films until the end? To see if they get married
Going for a walk because I want to stay healthy. Taking along a box of M&M's because let's be honest here.
A guy thing. pp
Who wrote the book The Russian Milkman? Ipul Titsky
What do you call a horny chemist? An H2Ho.
If you walk in on a girl giving birth in the bathroom at Applebees, don't judge her, you're also eating at Applebees.
What's the difference between a hooker and a crackhead? A hooker washes her crack and resells it.
I used to be afraid of flying in planes Until I tried it without one.
My friend Eric is having some real issues and shit is real bad for him... He's constipated
Break ups are the worst in China... You see her face everywhere.
If you see a woman holding Fifty Shades of Grey, smile and say ""congratulations on your first book!""
M.C. Escher goes into an ou so s   W.
What do you call a stupid, ugly, fat cow that gives birth to idiots that don't know when their own mother is being insulted? Your mom.
Man, my car is so fast, it could outrun a man combined with a horse ""You mean Centaur, right?"" Ohhh somebody went to college ooohh
Fred: Thank you so much for lending me that  money. I shall be everlastingly in your debt. Harry: That's what I'm afraid of!
I tried inventing a belt with a clock on it... It was a waist of time
Apparently being a mother is the hardest job in the world. They're probably right. I can definitely see brain surgeons struggling to put Frozen into a DVD player.
How many seconds are there in one year? 12 of them: January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd, April 2nd, May 2nd, June 2nd, July 2nd, August 2nd, September 2nd, October 2nd, November 2nd, December 2nd.
Why did the cellist have to sell his instrument? He was baroque.
Knock knock. Who's there? Panther. Panther who? Panther no panth I'm going thwimming.
My wife says that we should keep the chocolate milk in the back of the fridge so it stays colder, but personally I just think she's racist
I can't believe gay marriage is legal! What's next womens rights?
Q: How can you tell when Bill Clinton is telling a lie by looking at his face? A: If his lips are moving then he's lying.
Women like you are hard to find.. My ex wanted to know if still thought of her. Quite often I said. ""Women like you are hard to find. Most of you are in state hospitals.""
Q: Why do men float better than women? A: Because they are scum.
I heard that John Cena had a failed porn career... Every time they tried to do the money shot nobody could see him coming.
Lincoln and Twilight opening the same weekend? Once again, Abe gets killed in a theater, and he's already fought vampires once this year.
How does an elephant climb a tree? He hides in an acorn and waits for a bird to carry him up.
i'm fat but at least i'm not ""my facebook profile picture is a pokemon"" fat
Where do you go if you want to find a very funny joke? Apparently, not here
The sound of thunder is no longer Thor's hammer. It's a pissed-off Lady-Thor stomping round Asgard and noisily filling the dishwasher while she waits for someone to ask her what's wrong...
I'm teaching my boys to leave the toilet seat up so there's no pee on it when I put it down. Everything is a lie and life is a bad dream.
I know it wouldn't be ""environmentally friendly"" but I wish someone would invent disposable handkerchiefs.
I know 27 different jokes about eyeballs... ...But this one's cornea than the rest!
On a scale from Casey Anthony to Jerry Sandusky... how much do you like kids?... Somewhere around a Ronald McDonald, I pretend to like them but slowly kill them with diabetes
At least cunts are useful you're not.
Why does it have to be a white Christmas? #BlackChristmasMatters
What did the hat say to the scarf? You hang around here while I go on ahead.
What do you do with a dead chemist? You Barium.
How do you tell the difference between Male and Female ghosts? One has boooooobs. The other gets full pay at their jobs.
Why was the snake soft? He had reptile dysfunction.
""My night's about to get better now that you're turned on."" ... said the student to his printer when he finished his essay.
What does Neil Patrick Harris call his toilet? His Dookie Houser
There is nothing wrong with sex before marriage... ... as long as it doesn't delay the wedding.
How do you call a corn that is unique? A unicorn.
Saw an ad that said ""Radio for sell, volume stuck on full. 1$"" I thought, ""I can't turn that down"".
Why is the book ""Women Who Love Too Much"" a disappointment for many men? No phone numbers.
Dear Jesus- please let all my texts go to the correct person- Amen
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
What's the opposite of the Virgin Islands The Caymin Islands.
I was wondering where my new axe had gone... ...Then it hit me.
My Boss is Irish and I need good comebacks! Help me out with the best Irish jokes you got!
A man walked into a bar and took a girl home. What drink did he have at home? A bloody Mary.
My girlfriend starting putting a miniature Sylvester Stallone doll in the middle of the bed a few months ago Things have been a little rocky between us ever since
What did Jeffrey Dahlmer say to Lorena Bobbit? Excuse me are you going to eat that? *Ellen Barken on David Letterman show.
What did Shang Tsung say after conquering South Korea? ""Your Seoul is mine!""
I found out that middle age is were you finally get your head together and then your body starts falling apart
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
I have an irrational fear of over-engineered buildings. I have a complex complex complex
I told a girl to text me when she gets home. She must be homeless.
DIVORCE Q: How many divorced men does it take to change a light bulb? A: None, because they never get the house.
My cat rolled on my weed tray and now half my weed is stuck in her fur......Do I smoke my cat?
Had sex at the bowling ally on the ball return.. ...the girl loved it because I gave her 9lbs from the front and 14 from the back
Did you know that in high school, Robert E. Lee was voted ""most likely to secede?""
Going to McDonalds for a salad roll is like going to a brothel for a hug.
If a tree falls on a woman... And nobody is around to hear it. Why was there a tree in the kitchen?
After an outage, what time does the power come back on? 12:00 --:-- 12:00 --:--
I hate it when crazy people say Poseidon told them they are the ninja turtles and I don't even remember I told them so.
thanks for the $100 whole foods gift card i'm really going to enjoy this banana
Why would anyone want to be a masochist? Beats me
free space program idea: when you bring a spaceship back to earth land it on a huge seesaw and launch another ship off the other side
I didn't want to get a brain transplant. Then I changed my mind.
Have you ever gotten laid in a sleeping bag? It's horrible. You can't breathe, it's all sweaty, and your scoutmaster is covering your mouth.
A pair of fonts walk into a bar. The bartender says ""Hey, we don't serve fonts here!"" But they sat down anyways because they were **bold**.
I slipped on some black ice today I knew it was black ice because now my wallets missing.
Hey fat people, a venti caramel mocchiato w/ whipped cream isn't coffee, its a sundae.
Why do people take such an instant dislike to Ted Cruz ? It saves so much time.
I wanted to get a brain transplant... But I changed my mind.
Do you like Christmas? Then why don't you merry it?
Nurse: It's just a little prick.. Me: That's what my gf said! N: Ha M: Haha N: HAHA M: HAHAHA! N: You don't have a gf, do you? M: No.
The lights at this chinese dumpling place were too bright I had to ask them to Dim Sum
Ahhhh,,, At last, my wife has found something her butt does not look big in............... Walmart
According to my cholesterol level I'm a pizza.
Bernie demands change... whereas Hillary prefers cards or cheques.
Did you hear about the obscenely hard gardening class required for botany majors? It was said to be a weed out class
I will be with you always and forever, even during the rough times, until the day we die. -Herpes
Bought one of those SMTWTFS, but I can't pronounce that so I just call it a pill box.
I'm woman enough to admit when you're wrong
Women will drive miles out of their way to avoid the possibility of getting lost using a shortcut. 
""There"" - Where's Waldo? Cliffs Notes
what's green and smells like pork? Kermit the frog's finger.
Veggietales is making a version of 50 Shades of Grey... It's called ""The Artichoke Hearts"".
Peter: My brother wants to work badly! Anita: As I remember he usually does !
Jesus walked on water? Big deal. I can too. Let's see him walk on Vodka
I went in to a pet shop and said, Can I buy a goldfish? The guy said, Do you want an aquarium? I said, I dont care what star sign it is.
Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9 and go straight to 10? Because seven ""ate"" nine.
What do you call a brothel riddled with rabies? A frothel
Bruce Wayne needs to watch his salt intake, his sodium is through the roof.
What does Mr. T say when he walks into a buffet? I pity the full!
[Joker has Robin tied up] ""If you want to see the Boy Wonder alive, come to the old-"" ""Nope. Also he's allergic to peanuts. Like real bad.""
What's the difference between a Vagina and a Refrigerator? A Fridge doesn't fart when you take your meat out.
How many black people does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One, but when he unscrews the bulb, the lights go out and your xbox is gone.
I ran a marathon in 2011 if you add it all up probably.
Q: What did the blonde say during a porno? A: ""There I am!""
My alphabet soup is full of typos. Go home Campbells
I hate when I put my open beer down and forget where I put it and then I find like 7 open beers.
Why is Uhura black? Because William shat on her.
What do you want to do before you tickle someone? Test-tickles
I wish my condoms had little jokes on them, instead of in them.
""Can I buy you a drink?"" Sure! What's your name? ""Uhh. I don't know. I never get this far"" You don't know your name? *sweats* Pants are cool
I had two ribs removed so I could pet small dogs easier.
This: sentence: is: sick: it has :cancer.
What did the lawyer say when he stepped in dog shit? Help me..... I'm melting
My wife tried imitating the weird groaning sound her car is making, and all three auto mechanics asked her out.
How you can tell if a person is Irish: a fly lands in their pint of beer. They grab the fly and start shaking it over their beer yelling ""Spit it out ya bastard, spit it out!""
I spend more time hitting the damn snooze button than I do snoozing.
What do Jaqen H'ghar from Game of Thrones and Christina Aguilera have in common? They both know ""what a girl wants"" and ""what a girl needs"".
why do woman get periods? because they deserve them
Why did the top bun and bottom bun of the Big Mac get in a fight? There was bad beef between them
Girl called me the other day and said: 'Come on over, nobody's home' I went over, nobody was home.
Why did the chicken say, ""Meow, oink, bow-wow, moo?"" He was studying foreign languages.
What do Porsche and Apple have in common? New product, same design.
A woman gets breast implants made of wood.. Too bad this joke doesn't have a punchline, it would probably be funny. Wooden tit?
What do you call a deceptive legume? A Lima bean
Ladies and Gents ""Ladies and Gents.... ...and that concludes our tour of the toilets.""
What do you call a wet spy? James Pond (   )
The cancelled marathon runners should seriously run through the boroughs with supplies. I said it earlier as a joke, now I say it for real.
What do you call a gay magician? A poof
My english teacher was a fan of CAPITAL punishment. She despised small letters
I heard that Auschwitz had to ask people to stop playing Pokemon Go. Which is weird, because they have the same slogan. Gotta catch 'em all.
I think the most profound advice my father ever told me was... ""Stop using me in your bullshit stories.""
Why did the boy stop using his Sony, his Boombox, and his Bose Radio? He stopped believing in stereotypes.
A super villain gently petting a carpet sample instead of a cat.
What does a pencil have in common with marijuana? If it doesn't make you look smart, it's blunt.
Someday I'm gonna open a pawn shop and blow everyone's mind when I only sell rooks, bishops and knights.
They say there's safety in numbers... Well tell that to 6 million Jews
No YouP0rn... I do not want to play poker, I'm at work for crying out loud.
Ambushed my mother-in-law After visiting our house my mother-in-law got ambushed by 6 men who starting punching her. My wife shouted ""Are you gonna help?"", I said ""6 should be enough!""
[Olive Garden] PATRON: there are so many types of pasta WAITER: [required to say this] yes...*clenches teeth* the pastabilities are endless
My wife is playing hard to get. Rid of.
I pronounce CHampagne & CHandelier like CHimp so the lower class thinks I'm ""approachable"" & the upper class thinks I'm ""eclectic""
Q: What was the real purpose of Bill's college visit to Moscow? A: To study economics.
My wife was cremated after her death. Also during.
Politicians are like Sperm One in a million turn out to be an actual human being
""What time do I get off?"" has an entirely different meaning when you work in the sex industry.
What's the difference between fucking you and 9/11? No one forgot about 9/11
where does a Finnish child molester go when his ship sinks? Helsinki
Have you heard the joke about the guy addicted to brake fluid? He says he can stop anytime.
What do you call an angry witch? Ribbit.
If i had to guess, i would guess that the number one search word on Bing is Google.
I sleep with a squirt gun under my pillow just in case a gang of cats break in while I'm sleeping.
Wouldn't it be messed up if we found out Rome was built in like 23.5 hours?
What do you get when you cross Lee Iacocca and a vampire? AUTOEXEC.BAT (Not my joke, but I tell it every time a buzz needs killed.)
I was confronted by an angry man today. I told him I come in peace Apparently that's something you shouldn't say to Peace's boyfriend
Behind every successful man is a woman. This game of hide and seek has been going on for too long...
What's blue and square? An orange in disguise! Boom!!!
The other day I held the door open for a clown. I thought it was a nice jester.
What happened to the Irishman who tried to blow up a school bus? He burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.
The little children I love to go down to the schoolyard and watch all the little children jump up and down and run around yelling and screaming...They don't know I'm only using blanks.
Why did Princess Diana cross the road? No seatbelt.
""She's cute I swear, let me find a better picture.""  Me telling my friends about my new girlfriend.
A man working at an airport control tower when he notices a crash about to happen. He called the airplane crash hotline: 911.
Saudis Arabia recently got siri Saudi Arabian: Siri,call my wife     Siri:which one?
It might be hard for your audience to link them together. Coming up with Zelda jokes can be difucult, but you shouldn't try to force it.
Why is it awful to be an egg? You only get laid once, it takes three minutes to get hard, and you come in a box with eleven others.
I don't want to just eat Olive Garden. I want to eat OLIVE it.
""I'm tired but I'd really love to be exhausted and covered in my own sweat."" - Naps
[joke request] Civil engineering jokes, (Bridges, sewers, roads, engineers in general) What is the best joke you have related to Civil Engineering.
Will Smith was convicted They found fresh prints at the scene....
What is a Canadian's Favorite Game? Sorry!
I've never fucked a poofter, but I've fucked a bloke who has.
Knock Knock *Knock Knock.* Who's there? *This bagel is for.* This bagel is for who? *Whom. This bagel is for whom.*
Don't spend too much on toilet paper It's all for shit, anyway.
Enough with the Gay jokes Cum on guys
On a hunch, I tried looking for the murderer at the corpse auction. As soon as the auctioneer started it was a dead giveaway.
Yo' Mama Jokes Battle! I'll start! Yo' Mama is so skanky, her dildo came with jumper cables.
When you tell me to behave you really should be more specific. Behaving badly is still behaving. Technically...
If the dove is the bird of peace, what is the bird of true love? The Swallow
The Human Genome Project had a breakthrough and isolated the genes that make someone homosexual. They are skinny genes.
What did one strand of yarn say to the other? I'm not ready to dye, I still have a few ends to tie up. ""Ball up...""
You know, I really hate Mexican jokes that rely on sterotypes They just cross the border.
Couple claiming Virginity: Girl:If this Is your 1st time,then how did u do it so well? Boy:If this Is your 1st time,then how do u know that i did well???
Clark Kent: Only kryptonite can kill me. Perry: What do you mean? Can't regular things kill you? Clark: Oh shit. Which guy am I right now!?
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye Matey
I tried oscillating once. Not a fan.
you are one of billions of workers trading irreplaceable hours of your life so a few hundred guys can have more money than anyone in history
How many mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Just one.
What do you call an exceptional Mexican? Nacho average guy
The Irishman's dilemma. Do you eat the potatoes now or do you let them ferment so you can drink them later?
I just read a list of ""100 things to do before you die."" I'm surprised ""yell for help"" didn't make the list.
*gets email* -Do you want to chat with hot nineteen-year olds in your area?- *responds* ""Can any of them help me with this iTunes update?""
My New Years resolution is 1080p.
Why did the biscuit cry? His mum had been a wafer too long.
What has 52 teeth and can hold back the incredible Hulk? My Zipper
A man walks in to a bar His alcoholism is destroying his family.
Snoop Dogg
What did the school in Egypt finally get? A new bus.
Why are monkeys pedantic? Because they love nitpicking.
How many people does it take to change a lightbulb in a monastery? Nun.
How many feminist does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two. 1 to screw it in, and one to suck my cock.
My boss asked if I had Facebook and I said sure and gave up the link. Then she asked about twitter. After an awkward silence I said, huh?
Why does the lawyer hate doing pro-bono work? Because he fucking hates U2.
What's the hardest part about being a vegan? Waking up at 5 am to milk the almonds.
Did you hear about the aristocratic horse? He was the last of his race!
This clown thing has gone too far I mean, he could very well became our commander in chief in a month or so.
Off to work... A guy shows up late for work. The boss yells, You should've been here at 8.30!' He replies. Why? What happened at 8.30?'
I told my wife I didn't want to watch Kevin Heart's Seriously Funny because he is a sellout ""Not compared to Kevin Durant!"" She laughed. True story.
A man walks into a psychologists office... wearing nothing but saran wrap. The psychologist says ""It's a good thing you came. I can clearly see your nuts""
If pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound Russian... .... then soviet.
I'm not racist but... Your hair looks gorgeous. ""How is that racist?"" I said I wasn't racist. You never listen. Typical Mexican.
You know guys, ironically, racism is alot like black people... Cuz it shouldn't exist!!!
What do you call a horse at night? A Nightmare
When life gives you financial troubles... Make Financialade.
HELLO I SEE THAT YOU SLIGHTLY TOUCHED YOUR MOUSE WOULD YOU LIKE TO UPDATE JAVA?
What's a foot long, made of leather and sounds like a sneeze? A shoe.
What are Starbucks two shipping options? Ground and federal expresso
Pigs in a blanket Hey, isn't that the same as an undercover cop?
hmm i think i'll have a small snack *eats an apple, a packet of cookies, a small couch, the whole living room, a saudi arabian family of 4*
What did the large furry mammal say when the salamander who kept asking for favors went too far? I can't bear it! You axolotl of me this time!
Many call me an elastic band The more you pull, the harder I cum
I got like 30 followers off a tweet about free porn sites, to which I say free credit report lose weight free penis enlargement.
Please ignore this tweet, I'm pretending to be adding a coworker's phone number.
Does anyone want to come over and stare at our phones?
""What protection do you use?"" ""Protection?"" ""When you have Sex."" ""Sex??""
Insomnia sufferers, look on the bright side. only three more sleeps until christmas.
Top three perverts that see you when you're sleeping: 1. Santa. 2. God. 3. NSA.
Why is six scared of seven?... Because seven was registered as a six offender.
Why didn't Cupid shoot his arrow at the lawyer's heart? Because even Cupid can't hit a target that small!
What happens in Vegas stays on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Vine, and medical records.
Can anyone help me. I don't know where to park my boat and all the other captains are making fun of me. im under alot of pier pressure!
Ok America. You've made us chuckle with this whole Trump 2016 thing. But if we see Kanye 2020 happen... No. More. SYRUP. Love, Canada
What's the difference between me and a pile of bricks? The bricks will get laid.
Why didn't Cupid shoot his arrow at the lawyer's heart? Because even Cupid can't hit a target that small.
Don't you hate it when you think you're about to fart and you shit on your Dad's face?
Dad did you manage to fix my toy? No it's not broken the battery's flat. Well what shape should it be?
How much to learn the thriller dance moves? ""Ma'am... this is senior citizens Zumba class!""
You might have heard this one. I confided in my gf: ""sometimes I can be pretty full of myself."" Gf replies: ""sometimes I'm pretty full of you too.""
What do zombie vegans eat? ... Grains!!!
PLEASE LEAVE CHRIS BROWN ALONE, in the woods, surrounded by a pack of wolves.
Remember when putting something on the internet was the equivalent of hiding it in a vault on a planet your parents had never even heard of?
What do you call it when a transcendentalist author looks at old photos? Thoreau Back Thursday
I got called racist for saying 'pitch black' The umpire disqualified me and told me I struck out and that the better thing to say would be 'Jamal, I'm ready for your fastball'.
Louise Jokes (my own jokes towards to my friend louise) ENJOY THESE LOUISE JOKES AND ALSO IF YOU DONT UNDERSTAND ANY OF THEM ILL REPLY TO SOME OF THEM THAT I MADE AND ILL EXPLAIN THE JOKE
If you love something, set it free If you hate something, do origami If you're hungry, go watch a movie I don't understand how advice works
What's the most common question in Quantum Physics? I don't know
What did the police say when they finished interviewing Dylann Roof? You're hired
If I ever run into Captian Crunch, I'm gonna punch him in the roof of his mouth.
Either my cat is speaking English or that was not a vitamin I took....
The most important thing about telling a joke is timing
Doggy style My wife and I haf sex doggy style last night...She rolled over and played dead, and I sat there and begged for it.
No time to exercise? Get the results of a 30 minute workout in only 3 seconds by accidentally stepping on your cat on the stairs in the dark
This restaurant is so fancy they made my husband wear a jacket over his mesh half-shirt.
There's a party in the garden so lettuce turnip the beet
I heard people in jail can only turn left. Because they lost all their rights.
I fell off a 50 foot ladder yesterday. Luckily I was on the bottom step.
Why did the baker have so many customers? He desperately kneaded the dough!
""What does it mean when you see a flag flying at half-mast outside of a mostly white high school?"" They're hiring.
Life is like a box of chocolates... and I am a lactose-intolerant diabetic.
Why didn't the chicken cross the road? Because it was too chicken to do it.
Red Dead Redemption 2 announced! Not. :^ )
Q: What did the blonde do when she heard that  90% of accidents occur around the home? A: She moved.
DATE: so this is my dad and this is his porcelain cat collection ME: wow, I feel like I'm in a DATE: no ME: mewseum DAD: *nods his approval*
If anyone out there is named Aesop dear god please open a table store I have just the name for you.
If you ever need anything, just ask. But also, please never need anything.
What do you do with a Rhinoceros with 3 balls? You walk him and pitch to the giraffe.
What do you call a mix Mexican-Jamaican rock climber? A caribeaner.
How do you get a nun pregnant ? Fuck her.
How do you make holy water? You just boil the hell out of it!
Why shouldn't you use red, white, and blue paint in a watercolor? Because these colors don't run
Joke of The Day A new Student came to the class. After telling the rest of the Children his name, the teacher asked, ""what does your Father do""? . . . . . . Student :"" Whatever Mom Says""
So my father-in-law asked me to give the Christmas prayer... Apparently Ezekiel 25:17 is ""inappropriate""
What did the pink panther have all over his house after he fumigated for insects? dead ants... dead ants... dead ants, dead ants, dead ants, dead ants, dead aaaaantsss
I think the only time my ex didn't fake an orgasm was when the judge signed the divorce papers.
I bought a treadmill because I ran out of closet space for my clothes.
I just shook the crumbs out of my keyboard and they spelled ""GAYLORD."" My haters grow more powerful everyday.
I tried to catch some fog. But I mist.
A Mexican magician tells the audience he will disappear on the count of three. He says, ""Uno, dos..."" And poof! He disappears without a tres.
Show me a man with both feet firmly on the ground And I'll show you a man who can't get his pants off.
""Your present is too big and weirdly shaped to wrap. Oh! What if I buried it in the yard?!"" -me, genuinely, earlier today. Wife said no.
[spelling bee] Your word is 'mnemonic' ""Can you use it in a sentence?"" Memory Needs Every Method Of Nurturing Its Capacity
I'm really not sure how many times I'll search for my phone with the flashlight on my phone before I realize I'm an idiot....
If you love something set it free, if it stays its yours Go on then pizza, leave! Get outta here..... *pizza stays *happy tears
It's like my Mom always said FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW: FW:
What is the same with you, a pet cat, and a pet dog? All of them are adopted
I think parents are incredibly selfish and rude for having additional children without first consulting their existing child. 
iTunes has it all wrong... ... the hottest single this year is me.
How did the hipster die? He drowned in the mainstream because he stood on it before it was cool.
Democracy is three wolves and one sheep voting on what to have for supper.
What do people from Cape Cod say to their butts? Hyannis
How do you spot a vegan at the gym? Pretty much the same as anyone else.
Chuck Norris was kicked off the show ""Extreme Couponing"" the producers couldn't stand watching entire grocery chains file bankruptcy because of Chuck Norris.
Why did the farmer use a steam roller? He wanted to grow mashed potatoes.
What wears a black white and tan coat but has no  hair? A bald beagle!
Modern art is easy to understand If you left poop at the door, rang the bell, and ran away - it's installation. If you rang the bell and then deposited the poop- it's performance.
Where do hogs keep their money? In piggy banks.
[guy from the 50s arrives in a time machine] ""Who's president?"" Barack Obama ""Braco? Sounds Mexican"" Nope ""Whew"" You might want to sit down
How to kill time. Hold your right ear with your lett hand and your nose with your right hand, then hold your left ear with your right hand and your nose with your left hand, and repeat and repeat.
I found out where babies come from and it's fucking gross you guys.
Who is going to win tonight's presidential election? The Voyager Probe, speeding away from Earth at 38,000 mph.
SON: Daddy, I keep hearing noises from my closet. I think a monster's in there. ME: Yeah, why do you think mom and I chose the other room?
Q: Why did the easter egg hide? A: Because it was a little chicken on the inside.
How can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber? ask them to pronounce unionized
call 2 psychiatrists and tell them ur gonna put them on the phone with a guy who thinks he's a psychiatrist. now put them in the same call.
What did the burglar say to the  watchmaker as he tied him up? Sorry to take so much of your valuable time.
Why do short people laugh when they run? Because the grass tickles their balls.
If a white girl falls in the forest, and no one is around to omg, does she even?
All these mass shootings make me think... ... People must really hate Catholics right now
What do you call a bear in the Arctic? Starving.
Q. How do you keep a blonde at home? A. Build a circular driveway.
This Slow Jaywalker Thinks The Driver Of The Oncoming Car Values Human Life More Than Proving A Point, What Happens Next Will Surprise Him!
What's the lawyer's favorite fruit? the advocado
Kisses are like real estate .... Location Location Location
i tip my fedora to u *tips fedora* here's an upboat
Father: You're grounded. Son: Jim Morrison sucked! *storms off to room* Father: What did I tell you about slamming The Doors!
Apparently, walking up behind a girl in the produce isle with celery in my hand and saying ""I'm stalking you"" was much funnier in my head.
I just walked by an old man who kept saying, ""One, three, five, seven, nine... one, three, five, seven, nine..."" I thought, ""How odd.""
Laser joke A blue laser hertz twice as much as a red laser.
I have a friend named Jimmy Glasscock You can see it coming.
For those who know nothing of how to satisfy a woman: The G spot is located at the end of the word shopping.
Sorry I didn't text you back, but my phone recognized your number.
Kindness has become so rare, that some people mistake it for flirting.
A man walks into a bar His alcoholism is tearing his family apart
I met this 14 year old online, and she told me she is an undercover cop... How COOL is that for someone her age?
I just had to add ""velociraptor"" to my Microsoft Word dictionary because apparently I missed the dinosaurs expansion pack or something.
I saw a racially tolerant orchestra... None of them were bassists.
I told an ebola joke And only 50% died laughing.
*throws phone over courthouse metal detector. catches phone on the other side. resumes conversation*
My girlfriend said she's break up with me if I didn't stop being a casanova. Apparently she doesn't like that I live in my Chevy.
You know why I Hate Carpools? Everytime I go through a tunnel my wrist hurts.
Rule number one of the English language: The use of double negatives is a big no-no
If I park 20 spots from the store in an empty parking lot and you park next to me, I'm slamming my door into your car 34 times.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Is there a punchline that could make this joke funny?
Social services would take the kids away if they saw my house right now. Does anyone have their phone number?
Why did the farmer win the Nobel Prize? There was a clerical error. The award was intended to go to Malala Yousafzai for her advocacy work for education for young girls.
What do you call a male prostitute who can't stop laughing? A giggle-o
North Korean Joke Poop is like a North Korean rocket: it's produced by an ass and splashes into the water.
Healthcare Costs in America
Kids today have it easy! In the old days, before smartphones & Instagram, by the time we finished the painting, our food was already cold.
My boyfriend is tall, strong, protective and flashes me regularly. Oh no wait. I'm thinking of a lighthouse again.
What did Dave Grohl say when he dropped his Greek sandwich? There goes my gyro
Personally, I think the title of ""World Champions"" is ridiculous. This is America, we're Universe Champions!
What does a bee get at McDonalds ? A humburger !
What does a 9-Volt battery and an asshole have in common? If you lick it, and nothing happens, you know its dead.
If a problem has a solution - no need to worry. If there is no solution - then it is pointless to worry about. A fundamental principle of apathy.
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked his problem out with a pencil. It was a number 2 pencil.
There are so many scary things in life: -fear -hate -murder -injustice -the woman in line behind me who just said ""boughten""
Where do spiders play their FA Cup final ? Webley stadium !
What do you call a reptile...? What do you call a reptile who says ""But Cowardly Lion......You've had courage..... This entire....Time""? [The Wonderful Lizard of Pause](/spoiler)
How do you say goodbye in Arabic? ""BOOM!""
My friend broke one of his bones in a funny accident. It was humerus.
Heard on Haight St. the other day: Why didnt the lifeguard save the drowning hippie? Cause he was just too far out, man. Edit: I work on Haight St. This was in exchange for one cigarette.
Does your camera know you've been using it to look like a whore?
How many germans does it take to change a lightbulb? Nein
Why does the mushroom get invited to all the parties? Because he's a fungi.
Saw a vanity license plate that said ""ILUVLUV."" I hope she luvs getting 4 new tires and a windshield.
Have you heard about the Viagra shipment that was stolen? The police are on the lookout for hardened criminals.
I eat my hot dogs cold No bun intended
How do you ensure the Letter Y has a clean bathroom experience? A Kleenex. That will be all.
Was sagt der groe Stift zum kleinen Stift? Wachsmalstift
I told my girlfriend she'd look better with her hair back Apparently that's not an appropriate thing to say to a chemo patient
I couldn't get an erection while having sex with my wife... So I took her to a nice dinner. There was no hard-feelings.
How do you know when Santa's in the room? You can sense his presents.
Two Helium atoms were acting funny HeHe
A roman walks into a bar A Roman walks into a bar and asks for a martinus The bartender asks ""don't you mean a martini?"" The Roman replies ""If I wanted a double, I would have asked for it!""
A guy just yelled at me for tweeting and driving. I told him to get off my fucking hood and mind his own business.
I orgasmed during the sermon today. It was my cum to Jesus moment.
Chopping Onions I walked into the kitchen to see my Dad chopping Onions up. As soon as I saw him, I started crying because Onions is my dog.
If I had a penny for every trump joke, I'd have enough money to build a wall...
A recent study shows that masturbating twice weekly increases life expectancy by 20%. I've done the maths. I am immortal.
Never ever stop pushing yourself. They say 8 hours of sleep is enough. Go beyond it and create history.
Little Johnny strikes again The teacher came up to johnny's desk and asked can you tell me what seperates you from a monkey. Johnny said with confidence ""the desk"".
Why did the bald man go outside ? To get some fresh hair !
Is it possible to have a joke that is not racist/sexist/politically incorrect or commenting on stereotypes? Challenge for reddit. Curious
I went to a military history exhibit at a museum in Little Italy. I saw a cool old German submarine. I walked up to a guy and said, ""Hey, is that a U-boat?"" He said, ""No, it's-a the museum's!""
'Forget everything you learned in college. You won't need it working here.' 'But I never went to college.' 'Well then, I'm sorry. You are underqualified to work here.'
*walkig around department store that is full of wat clearly are christmas decorations* its haloween again ALREADY??
My friend just joined a reggae band playing the triangle, he says it's easy... All he has to do is stand at the back 'n' ting.
Me, to all my kids before the age of 2. ""No screens allowed."" On their 2nd birthday, handing over iPad. ""This is your mother now.""
What do you call it when the women in the back of a mexican brothel talk after working all night? Whorechata. Probably my best original, lemme know what you think.
A pig's orgasm lasts for 30 minutes. So would mine, probably, if I was having sex with something made out of bacon.
I think I'm non-committal I mean I'm pretty sure, but, you know, who knows, really?
[From Basement]: *scary murdery noise* Me: oh shit Me: *makes slightly more scary more murdery noise* [From Basement]: Oh shit
My new girlfriend is amazing in the bedroom... She goes down on me more than the EA servers...
A dad puts his kids down for bedtime He says, ""You're fat and stupid!""
The hardest part of being Darth Vader is never being able to sneak up on anyone because your theme music started playing.
I'm just a girl Hiding under a bed Hoping his wife leaves soon Again
What started with a J, and ends with whore?
How do I explain to this 5yo why it is of paramount importance to use the word kitty instead of pussy in his Mother's day card?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What can you tell a black kid to do? Go visit his family tree.
What did the handless box get for hristmas? Gloves. Just kidding, he hasn't opened it yet.
Semi-good news for agoraphobics... A treatment is right around the corner!
Good effort but we all know you're the ugly one in your two person profile picture.
My friends say I'm frugal. I'm not buying it.
A low pressure faucet and a penis with erectile dysfunction have a lot in common.... Both can still drain their liquids but neithers getting anything off
what do you say to a puking prostitute? Heave-ho!
What's the difference.... Between my girlfriend and santa? Some people actually believe santa exist.
Darling, will you catch me if I jump into the water?' Darling, if I say yes, will you jump?
My wife's leaving me for refusing to stop referring to our children as my Capri Son and Capri Daughter.
I like my eggs like the women I like Whites only
How do you wake up Lady Gaga? poke her face
What do you get if you cross a skunk  and a dinosaur? A stinkasaurus!
Pokemon GO servers Yeah, that's it.
today I matched speeds with a car on the highway so I could make eye contact with a dog in the backseat
A roman centurion walks into a bar... He holds up two fingers and says: ""Five beers, please.""
My Grandad is always complaining about how much things cost. ""Two quid for a cup of tea?!""... I said, ""Well you just popped round, I didn't invite you!""
Q: What came first
Q: What did the can say to the can opener? A: You make me flip my lid.
It is a scientific fact that the gravitational pull of a woman's cleavage on a man's eyes is too strong to be fought!!!
DATE: *sighs* You said you were a professional body builder. ME: I am! I make prosthetics. Ha ha! And funny jokes! Wait where are you going?
What is ISIL's favourite dessert? Terrormisu
Lumberjacks are good at maths because of their log rhythms Thanks, HL Math.
Sideburns of Reddit, I mustache you a question Not really. I just came here to... *bust your chops.* \*snickers maniacally\*
A watch dog is like a regular dog,only it can show you the time.
That awkward moment
What do you call a urinary tract infection caused in a virgin? Immaculate Infection
and so, the squirrel who forgot where he buried his acorn became the squirel who planted this tall beautibful oak tree
How do you know you're at a gay barbecue? The hot dogs taste like ass.
[end of a job interview] Interviewer: Any questions? Me: If you could become half robot, would you do it? Him: Me: Him: Which half?
Always a bridesmaid, never a new world-order leader in a post-apocalyptic all-powerful matriarchy. Sigh.
i have a heavy flow maxi pad in my wallet so it looks like i have lots of money
Honesty is the best policy but insanity is the best defense.
If I had a dollar for every girl that found me unattracitve... ...eventually they would find me attractive.
Joss Whedon should open his own version of a Tractor Supply store, with gardening and animal supplies ... ... he could call it Whedon Feed 'n Weed-n-feed
Old Twitter is what you'd get if an engineer brought New Twitter to Steve Jobs, and Steve beat on him relentlessly to simplify it.
Q: What does a blonde answer to the question ""Are you sexually active?"" A: ""No I just lie there.""
Why do the Scottish wear kilts? Because a sheep can hear a zipper from like a mile away.
I drink a glass of red wine a day for health benefits. The other 7 glasses are just for me.
What's the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping tom? [NSFW] A pick pocket snatches watches.
A haunted house, but instead of masked creatures it's filled with everyone's mother-in-laws.
Where do muslims go when they die? To the ethereal startrek convention.
The Guy who traded a hat for things of equal or greater worth... No, seriously
When a cop pulls you over, pull out a map and ask them for directions until they forget that they pulled you over. -me, right now
Why do breasts have nipples? Because without them they would be pointless.
I read murder mystery books starting from the middle. I like the double sided suspense that builds up.
Why don't people tell Chemistry jokes? Because they never get a reaction.
Instead of politely knocking on the bathroom door, my kid attacks the door like a rookie DEA agent on his first raid
I killed my wife because I heard mourning sex was so great.
WD-40 is amazing stuff. ...But I should have used a condom.
Jokes Friend1:- Why Do You Break-Up With Her . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Friend2:- Mujhe Kutta Kutta Kahti Thi Or Apne Kutte Ko BABU.. grin.png
[Enter your password] Secret [Password must be 6 characters] Secrete [Password disgusting but accepted]
NSFW What word starts with a 'C' and then ends with 'U-N-T'? ""Count"" you dumb cunt.
Scientists say that girls can get cancer just for being virgins. Luckily theres a vaccine for that.
Yo Momma so black when she goes swimming poeple thinks shes and oil spill.
Why is it everything I love is either unhealthy, addicting or has multiple restraining orders against me?
[gets down on 1 knee] Babe will you-- ""Yeah... Here it is"" [she lends me her phone charger] Thanks
How do they fit so many islands into such a small bottle of dressing??!!
Sure, Aphrodite poses naked in a giant clam shell, she's a goddess. But when I do it, I'm ''drunk' and 'no longer welcome at the aquarium'.
Irritating An irritating friend took a drink from my wife's beer and said, ""Ha,Ha, this is one step from kissing your wife!"" ""Yes it is" I replied, ""and two steps from sucking my dick.""
My family said if I don't get a Facebook, they'd all get a Twitter I sacrificed myself for all of twitter kind I'm the Jesus of social media
Finally cleaned out the fridge to make meal planning easier. Tonight, we're having buttered olives with mustard and baking soda.
I went to a massage parlor today... When it was time for the happy ending, I finished in 20 seconds. The massause said I need to come more often.
My friend asked me if I had any black in me I told him not since I got out of prison.
911, what's your emergency? What do you mean you've been stabbed? People can't do that, that's illegal.
Bee population worldwide is exploding. What a time to be a hive.
I don't like telling fat jokes They weigh too much on my conscience
Losing my virginity was a lot like my first football game Hurt, bloody, but at least my dad came.
If at first you don't succeed, fuck it. What's on TV?
Sorry people with seeing eye dogs that say 'No petting'. What you can't see won't hurt you.
If a girl has sex with many guys, she's called a slut, but if a guy does the same... ... he's called gay.
What is Will Smith's favorite type of forensic evidence? Fresh prints.
""I find it funny when my husband brags about how big his penis is.... .....Mine was way bigger""
Why would Target be the worst store to run the Enterprise? Because they all wear red shirts
My favorite mythical creature? The honest politician.
Why doesn't china have casinos? Because they hate Tibet.
INSTAGRAM IS DOWN. I REPEAT. INSTAGRAM IS DOWN. HOLD THE DUCKFACES. HOLD THE MEALS. HOLD EVERYTHING.
My gay friend told me this joke... But he couldn't keep a straight face
Let's try something different: How about anonymous white people arguing with one another viciously on the internet? Has that been tried yet?
What did the black boy say when he had diarrhea? I'm melting!
Door says push.. I pull.. If it says pull I push.. I'm ether a hardcore Rebel or I need glasses...
i have to wake up at 3 am tomorrow to go to the airport i've honestly never felt more attacked and victimized than i do now
I've never approached even 10% of Aerosmith's level of excitement that a dude looks like a lady.
Man next to to me just said into his phone ""You caught me in the middle of a sandwich."" He's lying. He is not in a sandwich.
How many rats does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two, but you have to get them in the lightbulb first.
Two Tomatos A father tomato and son tomato were walking down the street. The son was falling behind so the father turned around and **STOMPED** on his son. ""**KETCHUP!**""
GOD: welcome to Heaven I will answer any question you want now. ME: why does Target have 25 checkout lanes with only 2 always open? GOD: ...
What did Joey Ramone say to the prostitute? Hi ho, lets go.
In 2009, it cost approximately 53,000 dollars to fly a troop to Iraq, and nearly double that to fly them back. Probably because of all the extra baggage.
[to wife on phone] yes spend all our life savings on honey W: but- PLS JUST DO IT *ends phonecall* BEAR [holding gun to my head]: u did good
Why do witches go commando when riding around on their brooms? Better grip. Happy Halloween :)
I made my money the old-fashioned way... I used a printing press
I recently bought a copy of Monty Python's Big Red Book, but was later dismayed to find that I'd purchased the Spanish language version... Nobody expects the Spanish text edition.
The only thing that would prevent my wife from going to Pilates class would be if they invented a more expensive form of exercise.
Why should you never rendezvous with a pack of wolves? Because they are *meet eaters!*
The perfect Irish bean stew (In an Irish accent) Why does d' perfect Irish stew require exactly two hundred n' terty nine beans? Because if you added one more it'd be two farty.
Why did the marijuana addict always turn his supply packet around when buying it? He heard the grass is greener on the other side
Oxymoron Black people
What do scientists say when they meet each other? Hydrogen Iodide
What do farmers say when something is important to them? It plays a big tractor.
Saw an ad for a used battery in the paper today: ""Slightly rusty, in need of repair but has potential""
My name is jafar, I came from afar, I got a bomb in my car, Allah Uakbar
Unemployed teachers ..... Have no class
Every atom in your body is born in a star, traveled millions of light years, & through an amazing process became you. & you watch Teen Mom.
Why do they call them ""S'mores""? Because you always want another one!
How do these people survive
[traffic jam] MAN: [rolls down window] Dude, why? ME: [in the next car holding a rabbit as it repeatedly kicks the horn] It's his birthday
A man is applying for the LAPD and the inspector says: ""Got you! You thought this was going to be a repost!""
My Friendster account was hacked. Now I'm being extorted for all those testimonials I wrote. Said no one ever.
A woman's asshole is like a 9-volt battery. You know you shouldn't, but sooner or later you're going to put your tongue on it.
If you think you're having a bad day, the lady who took my order in the drive-thru asked me if my order was to go.
What's even more impressive than a talking dog ? A spelling bee!
I like my women like i like my coffee Ground up in the freezer
My friend was bleeding, and the first aid book told me to apply pressure. So I told him if he didn't stop bleeding right away, he'd die.
Motion to rename biological clock ""restless egg syndrome.""
A prostitute said she would do anything for $10... Guess who just got their car washed!
What did scrooge mcduck use to educate huey , dewey and louie? Duck tapes
What's the difference between a Chickpea and a Lentil? I wouldn't pay 200 to have a lentil on my face
You may not like EVERY government agency... ...but you've really gotta hand it to the IRS.
It's not really fair that little kids can talk and dogs can't. I bet dogs have way cooler stories and they don't ask as many dumb questions.
Have you heard about the new car from Israel? Not only does it stop on the dime, but it picks it up too!
im a normal guy.. i put on my pants on the exact same normal amount of leg way you do. i kno that number. im a nomal guy
Why is everyone bragging about how great it is to have kids? I slept till noon today, and the only person who threw up last night was me.
I would tell a joke about fat people, But they have enough on their plate as it is.
Have you heard about the goodweather witch?  She's forecasting sunny spells.
What's the difference between 9/11 and a hand job? 9/11 was an inside job
Did you hear the one about the German sausage? It was the wurst!
What does the nationalist sing at Christmas? Jingo Bells.
If I promise to miss you, will you go away?
'Your place or mine?' Is the sexiest response to the question: 'Where shall we bury the body?'
""I heard low winter sun is pretty good."" - low winter sun from behind a bush trying to throw it's voice
Whats the fastest way into a woman's heart? A pick-axe
Have you heard about a man who became a werewolf? He was distressed at first, but then he took a lycan to it.
What happens if you cross a parrot with a Gorilla? Nobody is sure but if it opened its mouth to speak you'd  listen!
Terrorist Jokes. They'll make you explode with laughter.
Sometimes, to impress girls, I use big words that I don't fully understand... ...in an effort to sound more photosynthesis.
Fire engines are painted red for camouflage, so they can sneak up on fires without being noticed
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own? It's two tired.
""Hey baby ditch the zero *stares silently until lenses transition into sunglasses* and get with the hero.""
How does a train eat? It goes chew chew
What happened to the Greek dairy farmer who got robbed on his way to market? He was un-feta-ed of his cheese.
Is this how you reddit ? I threw my old Ironing board out and have started using Katie Price instead. Her legs are easier to open.
What borders stupidity? Canada and Mexico.
Divorce lawyers all over the world are rubbing their hands together in glee now that Twitter DM has a picture function.
Marilyn Monroe died & was reincarnated into thousands of white girls who can't be handled at their worst, and aren't deserved at their best.
LPT: If you're cold, try standing in a corner. They are usually about 90
If I said I was the king of the jungle, I'd be lion to you.
If they make a new Contra game with the original one as a minigame inside it... Will it be a contraception?
I'm jealous of people who have more than one ab.
I hate it when guys use pickup lines like, 'Hey, what's your friend's name?' on me. Worst pickup line ever.
Did you hear about the dyslexic pimp? He opened a warehouse.
Apple products Remove the USB port and nobody bats an eye. Remove the headphone jack and everybody loses their minds!
Some grade school humor What's brown and sticky? * ** *** **** *** ** * A Stick!!
Why do most men like women with big boobs and tight pussies? Because most men have big mouths and small cocks.
What do you call a woman who obsesses over learning about sex? An info-maniac.
I lost 130 pounds of useless fat! Divorce is great!
I'm calling it now: I'm going to discover the cure for blindness and make billions of dollars someday. You'll all see.
Whats the Diffrence Between Hitler and Usain Bolt? One can acctualy finish a race
The human soul weighs 1.2lbs. I know because I've weighed myself before and after I walk into my job.
Excuse me sir, where do you keep the ""Whoomp""? Oh, there it is.
what do you call a bookstore that's also a bar? tequila mockingbird
Did you know: if you put your ear upon a stranger's leg... ...you can hear them saying ""WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?""
My girlfriend. ..probably tells me a lot that I don't listen to her.
I used to work as a waiter at an insane asylum... Serving soup to nuts.
You can lead a horse to water and if he walks on it congratulations you found horse jesus.
Today my dad died in a scuba accident It was a very depressing situation
What did Dj Khaled say to the barn owl? You talonted
""Darling, your teeth are like stars."" ""So yellow and so far apart...""
Who cares if toilet paper is soft or not? Only an asshole can tell the difference anyway.
Did you hear the one about Jerry Sandusky molesting kids? If not, it's okay - neither did the Police.
The difference between snowmen and snowwomen. Snowballs.
What do you call it when you get an erection at a funeral? Mourning wood
What do you call a small bull? A MINI-TAUR!
How do you know when an accountant's on holidays? He doesn't wear a tie to work and comes in after 8.30.
There is a mathematical theory for good sex The heat of the meat is directly proportional to angle of the dangle given that the mass of the ass is constant.
How many Redditors does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to keep browsing Reddit and another to get someone else to do it.
As my girlfriend was trying on jeans, a clerk asked her ""Need a bigger size?"" I saw the look on her face and went to make room in the trunk.
When is the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth-hurty
In my spare time I help blind children. I mean the verb, not the adjective.
You breed dogs? Don't they do that on their own?
I really hope the word ""sodomized"" doesn't appear in my autopsy report.
My New Yahoo Password NoSecur!Ty
No thanks, Trix cereal. I have enough drama in my life without a rabbit trying to steal my breakfast.
Why is buying a macbook like using a high end prostitute? Because you spend more but, at least you don't get a virus
A boy said to his father one day, ""Dad, when I grow up I want to be a musician."" His father responded, ""I'm sorry, son, you can't have it both ways.""
What does a monk say when you evict him? Namaste
BREAKING NEWS: Scientists have discovered what may be the worlds largest bed sheet. More on that as it unfolds.
I'm so sick of seeing so many lazy abortion jokes on here Like can we just cut it out already?
I often wish that gravity was a more selective force regarding who it kept on this planet.
If Santa knows who's being bad, maybe he could have given us a heads-up during the early planning stages of the Holocaust.
We built this community from the ground up as opposed to choosing a point in the air and building downwards from there.
How many husbands have I had? You mean apart from my own?
I just moved to Wisconsin, and my neighbour invited me over to meet his wife and his sister. When I got there... ...the three of us had dinner.
What do you say when you see your TV floating in the middle of the night? Drop it Ni**a (sorry for the offensive word)
If anyone finds 786 barely used tubes of Chapstick around my city, they're mine. I need them all back.
What goes ""ha ha, thump thump?"" A guy laughing his balls off.
How many SCPs does it take to screw in a lightbulb? [DATA EXPUNGED]
Did you hear about that boxer who adopted a child from Asia? It's Mike's Thai Son.
Why do people ask ""what the hell were you thinking""? Obviously, I was thinking I was gonna get away with it and not have to explain it
Fish must be excellent drivers. Very rarely do you hear about fish getting into car accidents.
A man walks into a fancy dress party in calvin klein briefs... The host asks him 'what are you dressed as?' Premature ejaculation. I just came in my pants.
What happens in a chinese restaurant when the power goes out? It'll dim sum
How do deer get revenge? By giving each other a taste of their own venison
Selling Darwinian birds: 5 for $5 Buck finches
""I don't have to outrun the bear! Just you!"" Wrong. Bears are so sick of that joke, they skip the slow guy and eat the fast guy now.
Why do some vaginas smell like dead fish? Cause da pussy killed it
Two programmers walk into a bar: a blond, a brunette and a red head.
What Daft Punk song is a hit amongst the hispanic community? Juan more time!
Why hasn't the Rastafarian gone to see the barber? He's dreading it.
If you guys need me I'll be strutting confidently through a parking lot toward a car that turns out not to be mine.
What do, you call a handicapped person with a, vasectomy? A seedless, vegetable.
What is the name of one of the Chinese gymnasts competing at the Rio Olympics? Wai Tu Yung
My friend always wants to talk about the scientific principle of buoyancy. It's not interesting to me, but hey, whatever floats your boat.
What has four wheels and flys? A garbage truck.
What car does a Mexican drive? A Quebrolet.
I didn't do it, nobody saw me do it, you can't prove anything.
My local post office uses four checkouts unless it's really busy
What is a Canadian vampire's favourite drink? Type Eh.
Please don't feed the Kardashians.
Me: ""OMG, my abs are so sore!"" 12: (sarcastically) ""What abs?"" Me: ""The abs hiding under this protective layer of you're grounded.""
Apparently, ""No kidding!"" isn't a good response when your boss says he's confused.
What did the guy with leprosy say to the prostitute? Keep the tip
Why didn't Sally become a prostitute to pay her bills? Because it was Plan B.
Why do teenage girls travel in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
Why should you always knock on your fridge door before opening it? Because there could be an Italian dressing inside.
Why don't penguins ever get married? They always get cold feet! ^^I'll ^^show ^^myself ^^out.
I got into a fight with a baseball player. It wasn't too bad. All I did was strike him three times and he was knocked out.
I'm going to read braille to the deaf... For the ASL competition.
[NSFW] what did the leper say to the hooker? Keep the tip
What is simultaneously the best and sh*ttiest way to start your day? Pooping
Today, I saw that my ironing board cover was wrinkled.I laughed at the irony.Then I laughed again because irony has the word iron in it.
No wonder ghosts can be disruptive. Some are hundreds of years old and they have to hear us say shit like ""My mouse is out of batteries.""
In my experience, less than 40% of people wearing ""Duke"" sweatshirts are actual dukes.
What did the leper say to the prostitute? (NSFW) You can keep the tip...
My friend got a tattoo of his wife's name so I guess he loves her as much as he loves barbed wire.
Roses are red, Violets are blue I have Alzheimer's To get to the other side
5 minutes into watching willy wonka and the chocolate factory and I'm craving chocolate This is why I can't watch breaking bad
if the sun is such a cool and great star then why do all the other stars leave when it shows up
us teens are tired of being murdered all the time in movies. why not make the next murder victim a chimp in a suit or a plant
I was at my friend's house the other day and saw his dog licking its balls. ""Oh, I wish I could do that"" I said, my friend then replied back ""Give him a biscuit and he might let you""
I've yet to find a romantic comedy that speaks to me. Maybe if they set it in an institution or an Arby's restroom.
Whenever my neighbor looks like they want to speak to me. I collapse to the ground motionless as if I were one of Andy's toys.
Why did? Why did the house cross the road, One of the most difficult to solve cross the road jokes, I'll give the answer when you all give.
What do pedophiles and rappers have incommon They both like da booty
Why couldn't Frodo drop the Ring into Mt. Doom? Force of Hobbit.
Thanks for wishing me a Happy Monday, you've changed my entire outlook. I don't hate Monday anymore. I hate you. Happy New Sworn Enemy.
I was thinking about donating some money to my local hospital... But then I realized they'd probably just spend it on drugs.
How do you get 300 babies in a bowl? Blender. How do you get them out? Tortilla chips
Just dropped my iPhone in the bath tub. I think it's syncing.
If my grandmother was on Twitter, I bet most of her tweets would be about raisins.
Who does Batman call when he needs to cool down his expensive drinks? The Just-Ice League.
Scary Story Told In Only Five Words Your browser history is public!
Not a mean plane joke. Wouldnt want to make a joke about the air asia flight as it would be plane wrong and offensive.
What do you call Dora the Explorer in an Iron Man suit? FeDora I'll see myself out.
How do you embarrass an archaeologist? Give him a used tampon and ask which period it came from.
Why does Manny Pacquiao hate Spring so much? Because of May weather.
What's better than two roses on your paino? Tulips on your organ.
Teacher: Does anyone have questions? Me: If Wile E. Coyote had enough money to buy ACME stuff, why didn't he just buy dinner? T: Holy Shit
20 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs. Now we have no Cash, no Hope and no Jobs. Please don't let Kevin Bacon die.
Why doesn't Ganondorf like going on the internet? There are too many Links.
So I've been hearing a lot about this Baader-Meinhof phenomenon recently [baader-meinhof phenomenon](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baader-Meinhof_phenomenon#Frequency_illusion)
the sign at this subway bathroom says employees must wash hands. ive been waiting for them to come wash my hands for an hour. nothing.
I always feel better when my doctor says something is normal for my age but then think dying will also be normal for my age at some point.
Q: What's the best sport to learn when you are moving? A: Boxing
Wife: I'm hungry! Me: I'll order pizza Wife: YOU THINK I'M FAT! Me: *whispering* Has it been 28 days already? Wife: WHAT?! Me: what what??
What did the cannibal do After he dumped his girlfriend Wipe his arse
What did the moderate muslim say to the radical muslim? Hello friend!
""on your left u see fred in camo, on your right is bertha, she has ridden many miles on that electric cart."" If walmart had tour guides.
Did you get a haircut? No. I got all of them cut.
I don't know who you are, but if you don't stop sending me phone books, I will find you.....and I will kill you.
Having a dirty mind makes ordinary conversations much more interesting.
I threw a cat in a lake I have finally made a pussy wet.
Why bachelors are skinner than married men A bachelor goes into the kitchen, opens the fridge, sighs, goes to bed. A married man goes into the bedroom, lifts the blanket, sighs, goes to the fridge.
What do the bathroom doors at the funeral home say? His and Hearse.
I laughed at a lot of the posts here on Reddit. They /r/jokes.
Dear naps, I'm sorry I was a jerk to you in kindergarten
I can never decide whether to slam on my breaks or go through a yellow light, so I do an annoying combination.
What does a mother use to keep her childrens' toenails soft and smooth? A pedi-file
Did you hear the joke about the sewing machine? It'll leave you in stitches!
How do you unload a truck load of puppies? With a pitchfork
Did you hear about the magic tractor? Turned into a field.
Me: No, you hang up first Pizza Hut: *click*
Is ""humpty dumpty"" another way of saying ""fuck and forget""?
Why do scuba divers falls backwards off of the boat? Because if they fell forward, they'd still be in the boat.
I haven't slept for 10 days.... ...because that would be too long. - Mitch Hedberg
What's the hardest part to eat on a vegetable? The wheelchair
Two hefty guys are drinking in the pub, one says ""Your round.""
Women having sex with me ...HA
Arguing w him is like playing Pictionary w/ the person who draws one weird little shape and just keeps circling it over and over and over.
What kind of animal lives in a triangle Hippotenuse
What do outlaws eat with their milk? Crookies.
If people on Twitter found a horses' head in their bed at least 3/4 of them would get a selfie with it before calling the cops.....
Why do southern girls get pregnant so much more than northern girls? Because it takes them so much longer to say ""Kaaa-WIT!""
Why did the golfer bring an extra pair of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
There would be no evil in the word..... if Satan had life alert.
Sometimes I answer your rhetorical questions because I think you are that stupid.
I work in the meat department and a customer asks me what is the difference between the Halal chicken and the regular chicken. I said ""Regular chicken lays eggs. Halal chicken lays hand grenades.""
What kind of music does a factory worker listen to? Industrial Metal
How do you pick up a fat chick? Piece of cake.
I took some roadkill I hit home to barbeque for dinner, On a related note... anyone have any use for a child's bicycle and backback?
look to the left... look to the right... that's how every black joke starts...
Did you hear about the new anti-depressant for lesbians? It's called tricoxagain.
A guy comes into a bar. No wait.. it was a horse. So, a guy comes into a horse...
Son, when a man and a woman love each other very much that means they've probably only been dating 6-8 months.
Rene Descartes walks into a bar The bartender says would you like a beer? Descartes says ""I think not"" and promptly vanishes.
Why do Jews Brag About How Great Their Children Are? Because they don't win traditional dick measuring contests.
My Asian friend asked me what the word correctible meant... I replied, ""It's what you call an object regarded as being of value or interest to a collector.""
#MakeAFilmUncomfortable The Godfather - With Benefits
Cop: You were speeding so I'm going to be giving you a ticket Me: Ooh, could I win something Cop: Sort of, 2 more of these & you get a bike
Why was the fruit farmer losing money? He couldn't grow a pear
What do you call a stork that doesn't bring babies? A swallow
Teacher: Name four members of the cat family Pupil: Daddy cat mummy cat and two kittens !
How do whores in Westeros get into the castle? Hodor.
Why is the second traffic citation always easier to read? Because it's re-fined!
What's the difference between a roasted chicken and a time bomb? If you don't know the answer please never invite me to dinner.
Well, if anything, the Mayans DID teach us ONE valuable lesson. If you don't finish something...it's really not the end of the world.
Did you know diarrhea is a genetic disorder? It runs in your jeans.
What do you call a sugar substitute that has poor taste? Sweet and Low-brow..
A jewish kid asks his dad for $20 His dad replies: $10!?!... What do you need $5 for?
So there's this new music attraction at SeaWorld featuring some guy they call Squid Barrett. They refer to themselves as Ink Floyd.
Why rivers are never viewed on dvd or video cassette? Because they are always streaming.
Sex is the only activity where you start at the top and work your way to the bottom, while getting a raise.
How do programmers like their snacks? Byte-sized.
A recent survey has shown that 50% of all newlyweds want to try anal sex. Or to put it another way, 100% of grooms.
My children drive me to drinking... As soon as they got their licenses I made them start bringing me to the bar.
Black Friday has taken all of my money : Robinson Crusoe
I keep getting bills from the Memory Erasing Clinic but I've never been there
What is a mexican's favourite sport? Cross-Country Running
Q: How many Microsoft executives does it take to change a light bulb? A: We can see no need for uninstallation and have therefore made no provision for light bulbs to be removed.
A legendary quote by Mahatma Gandhi ""History is not created by those who browse in incognito mode""
Dr. Dre Beats.
What's the difference between fire and water? Everything, dumbass
My wife got my daughter a bowl with Dora on it It's adorable
I just bought my wife some new eyes, a new nose and a new mouth... I can't wait to see her face when she opens them.
What's the smartest thing to ever come out of a woman's mouth? Albert Einstein's dick.
friend: wish you were here! me, abruptly stopping whatever I'm doing and captaining a speedboat approaching your house: oh really
THE DOCTOR WITH HIS PATIENT The doctor to the patient: You are very sick' The patient to the doctor: Can I get a second opinion?' The doctor again: Yes, you are very ugly too...'
Toddler: *crying bc it isn't her turn with the princess crown* Me: Sweetie, you need to share Husband: Just give her the crown, you're 35
What do you call someone from Massachusetts who murders a bunch of Catholics? A Mass. Mass Mass Murderer.
Eat local. Your neighbor's food.
What do you call a confidence game within a confidence game within (yet another) confidence game? Conception
My grocery store changed its whole layout. It was better the other way so I'm slowly and quietly moving everything back.
If you believe that no great story ever started with someone eating a salad, then you're using the wrong kind of mushrooms.
Bring a hedgehog into the library and frantically ask the clerks where they keep the reverse spell casting books.
I keep getting calls telling me that I have outstanding bills... ...and while I appreciate the compliment, they're really nothing special.
""Dude, you're getting a Dell!"" - Me pulling my spoiled unruly son out of the Apple Store
My friend told me all women are the same. He always makes broad generalizations.
Donald Trump is 69. Let's hope the death trend carries on. Third time's the charm.
When coining nicknames, be sure it reflects how that person has impacted your life. For example, my two sons Buzzkill and Third Mortgage.
History We Live in Generation where.. . . ""Deleting History is more important than Creating History"" :-D
[camping] ""Dad I'm afraid a raccoon is gonna come in my tent and eat me"" -don't be silly. It'll probably be a bear. Sleep tight.
My wife said yesterday... That I don't listen to her..I said: OK, sounds good
Why are photographers always so depressed? Because they always focus on the negatives.
The man is crying on the cemetry. -Why did you leave us so early? He is asked why are you so crying? Do you cry about your close relative? -No, I am crying about the first husband of my wife.
the worst part of this guy catching me masturbating to a Highlights magazine is looking him in the eye for an hour while he cleans my teeth.
Why do guys think to much They have two heads
""You do realize it's a crime to lie in court, right?"" *I think for a moment and then move my hands closer together*
How many Trump campaign managers does it take to change a lightbulb? Hopefully not very many because they keep getting fired.
Wood Tits A woman got wooden breast implants yesterday. It would be funny if this joke had a punch line, wooden tit?
My wife woke me up all excited this morning... She said honey look at all the pounds I've lost. I told her that she was looking at our retirement account not her fitbit.
Kim Kardashian's butt Q: What do you call the space between Kim Kardashian's breasts and butt cheeks?  A: Silicon Valley.
Failed my biology test today: They asked, ""What is commonly found in cells?"" Apparently ""black people"" wasn't the correct answer.
[Me and coworker going for the last piece of cake] You'd better ask yourself if you can type with one hand, Nancy from Accounting.
All these years you thought your grandma had Alzheimers, and turns out she just didn't want to talk to you.
Twitter 1 Act: -Person misreads sarcasm -You point out it's sarcasm -""I know I was being sarcastic back"" -Sharpen pencil, jam it in own eye
Love doesn't walk away, people do.
Baby, did you sit on my F5 key? Cuz dat ass is refreshing.
[wakes up from a 72-year-long coma] oh nazis are still a thing huh
I must have a nice butt, because, everytime I'm walking away from talking to someone they say ""What an ass?""
You can tell Monopoly's an old game because there's a luxury tax and rich people can go to jail.
How many Atheists does it take to change a lightbulb? I don't know, they're all too busy complaining about this joke.
If you were on top of a pile of gay guys... would you get off?
What do you get if you cross a SJW and Jason Voorhees? Social justice.
Santa: its snowing Christmas is canceled Put everything in the garbage Elves: no! Rudolph: what if I told you I had a very small red light
I wonder how many lightbulbs it takes to change a baby.
Did you hear about the man who ate nothing but prune juice and viagra? He couldn't tell if he was coming or going.
I went for a job interview. The bloke asked, ""Where do you see yourself in 10 yrs time?"" ""Same as now - in photos and mirrors" I replied
A pirate walks into a brothel and says... ""ARG! THERE SHE BLOWS!"" Edit: Wow 8 views. thanks guys :D
If your best clothes proudly advertise Monster Energy Drink, you can't be left alone with your best looking cousin.
Oh, you were sexually harassed in the workplace? Sounds like a personnel problem.
what did the asian german say to that Jew joke that hit the front page ? I Reich
How do crows know what time is it? They have the knights watch .
Let's hold off calling dolphins the smartest animal until they stop getting caught in nets.
at my high school reunion everyone kept asking where my date was so I finally told them my dog ate him. no one laughed
In time, the dust settled, and the dust took a job it hated and married someone it could barely tolerate
California is the best state. The nerds make the apps and the agents make the moving pictures. We keep the idiots happy. Give us your water.
Yo mama so fat She couldn't fit in this joke.
This bread is my meat, this wine is my blood... ... and this beer and milk are... -Master, that's enough, I ran out of ink!
What's 6.9? 69 interrupted by a period.
If they want to increase the use of public transit, they should start using a scale at the DMV license renewal counter.
You can't change the past. But you can sit around in your underwear, dwelling on it and crying over what could have been.
I had to take my horse to get surgery last week The doctor told me he's in stable condition
[shows up 2 hours late for interview] Sorry I was trying to get out of a beanbag chair.
It was so cold in D.C. today... ...that I saw a politician with his hands in his own pockets.
What sound does a bouncing plane make? Boeing boeing boeing
I could never be friends with a dildo. They're stuck-up cunts.
If your going to be two faced at least make one of them pretty.
Masturbation should be considered a craft... as it is 100% hand made.
I dropped my phone in the bath Now it's syncing.
I was in a masturbating competition... I came 1st twice!
Ebola causes nausea, headaches and is hard to get rid of. Is it a disease or a U2 album?
The best part of Halloween is all the Jehovah's Witnesses wondering why they're being given candy.
Why did 8 break up with 7? Because 7 always came first!!!
Q: What happened when the dog went to the flea circus? - A: It stole the show!
I was worried about the population problem But then I realized we just shouldn't give a fuck.
My teacher always hated my answers to her math questions. ""If I have 6 candy bars in one hand and 7 in the other, what do I have?"" Diabetes?
There are 11 types of people in the world... Those that understand binary, those that don't, and those that thought this would be the 10 kinds of people joke.
If you don't pay your exorcist you can get repossessed. HA.
Whats the difference between racism and asians? Racism has many faces.
What do you call it when Batman leaves church early? Christian Bale
Where do kids with ADHD go for the summer? Concentration camp.
I'm not paranoid, but I feel like there's someone reading this...
Why do tachyons program in assembly? Because it's faster then C
""Son, I wanted to let you know you were adopted" my dad told me. ""Are you kidding? Really?"" I shouted. ""Yup, get ready" he said. ""They'll be picking you up in about an hour.""
Butte Creek beer slogan! It dont taste shitty!
Where there is a will, there is usually a death.
I told her it's been a while. She told me that was fine. It's just like riding a bike. Now she's mad I checked her for proper inflation
I finally figured out the secret to click bait.
I don't know why people are upset about the Florida night club incident. I would love to get free shots at my local bar!
If you can read this please let me know because, it means I blocked the wrong person. I'm still getting used to this Stupid timeline!
Show me on this Russian nesting doll where the bad man hid many more, smaller versions of you
What do you call the next generation of motherboard? A daughterboard.
There are two types of people in this world Those who can extrapolate information based off of the given context
what's the difference between an irish wedding and an irish funeral? one guest
I try to teach my mom something new everyday. Because you're supposed to learn from your mistakes. Edit: Apparently a lot of you are all teaching my mother new things too. Weird.
For sale  Dead Budgie Not going cheep
If mental hospitals had walkways... They'd be called psychopaths.
First take an ass and put another ass behind it. Then I come. Then the whole nation comes after me.... That is how you spell assassination
What did the bacterium do when its sibling stepped on its toe? ""My toe sis!""
Did you hear about the power surge across the street? I heard it was a shocking experience.
Why was Han Solo so suspicious when he put his penis inside Princess Leia for the first time? ...it was Luke warm.
How I Crossed the Desert by Rhoda  Camul
The inventor of inappropriate innuendo has died. His family are taking it really hard.
A roofie? .. but how does a roof take a picture of itself? I'm so confused.
I wonder if lining up beers in my refrigerator will ever stop being exciting.
What's the difference between a 'hippo' and a 'Zippo'? One's really heavy, and the other's a little lighter. - [*Masai Graham*](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-edinburgh-east-fife-34039927)
Child protective services? Who's protecting the parents Huh? WHO'S PROTECTING THE PARENTS?
""We had to let him go. He was only pulling 15 times his weight."" - Corporate ants.
I've looked all over the Google and ""fuck you sideways"" is not French for anything, Sir.
What is green and has cake? Grass. The cake is a lie.
Did you hear the one about the tiny prisoner who went down the stairs? It's a little condescending. 
The problem with political jokes is that they always get elected
Political(&amp
I thought about going on an all-almond diet But that's just nuts.
A Women' Apology I am sorry, But it was Your mistake.
PLEASE LEAVE A VOICEMAIL (if you're calling from 1986)
How many mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb? Only juan.
OMG I'M SO OLD AND OUT OF TOUCH WITH POP MUSIC WHAT SONG DOES BREXIT SING
[ER] HIPSTER: I fell off my acoustic motorcycle & broke my mustache twirler. DOC:... H: I fell off my bike & broke my hand. D: Rub kale on it.
My German plumber just hooked my gas line to my shower. I guess old habits die hard.
When Jedi need to read PDFs, they use Adobe Wan Kenobi.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich? I don't rape the sandwich before I eat it.
Psychics develop their ""6th sense"" as soon as their sense of shame is dwarfed by their sense of how gullible people are.
heres a bad joke your life
You know that warm feeling you get when you look at your spouse? It's called acid reflux.
My girlfriend just got mad and accused me of stalking her. Well, she's not actually my girlfriend yet.
Why did the chicken commit suicide? To get to the other side...
What did the NSA agent say to the other NSA agent when he saw the German Chancellor? I'd tap that.
I met this vegetarian girl yesterday i had never met herbivore
It's ironic how the people that take a picture of themself in the mirror can't see how stupid they look.
Who would be Sub Zero's perfect rival in the Marvel Universe? Thor.
What is Al Qaeda's favourite team? New York Jets
dark humor never gets old just like a kid with cancer
What do you call a Greek guy walking down the stairs? Con-Descending
What is Fido the dog's favorite part of a tree? Bark! What is his favorite canine? Wolf! How does he like his sex? Ruff!
Fitness friend: Do you know what you're putting in your body? *flashes back to ex *shudders
Me: Two fingers here. Son: OK. M: One in the other hole. S: Got it. M: Relax your wrist. Wife: WHAT ARE YOU TEACHING HIM? M: Bowling. Chill.
What I admire about England I'm a Malaysian man,and I went to England for my 2 weeks vacation.What surprise me,the kid in England,5-7 years old,already know how to speak English
""Git yer cotton pickin hands off a my gin."" -Eli Whitney
HER: do u have a condom ME: u bet [whistles] [an eagle flies thru the window & drops off a cat] H: holy shit M: ya sometimes he brings cats
I like my women like I like my pie.... Made by my grandmother.
How do you blow up a Muslim's iPhone? Put it into airplane mode.
The doctor told Harry Potter to drink 2L of Water a Day, but Harry didn't listen. Harry Potter and the Kidney Stone.
Whats the difference between an elephant and a grape? They are both purple, except for the elephant.
5 out of 4 people have a problem with fractions... I'm just gonna let that sink in for a second.
What do prostitute Equine wear? They wear Whoreshoes
My credit card number is 4339-8245... Wait. Is this Amazon?
Why do they call it a ""waist""? Because you could easily fit another pair of tits down there.
I like my chocolate like I like my men. Rich.
One horribly inappropriate comment and you'll never be shown another baby photo at work ever again. Totally worth it.
Why can't ovaries sail a boat? Because they are not sea-men.
A little lizard So a girl walks into a bar with a little lizard and the bartender asks her what she has in her hands. She replies that it's my newt.
{Kid's bday party} Me: Where's the cake? Mom of kid: We don't believe in sugar. Me: I promise it's real. I've seen it with my own eyes.
She:Hey,Whats up? Me:Onion prices. S:You know what I mean,like What's crackin'? M:Nutshells. S:Really?Fine.What's poppin? M:Corn. *Blocked*
""Those who can't do, teach..."" And those who can't teach... [teach gym.](/spoiler)
I just found out I'm colour blind The diagnosis came completely out of the green. (Courtesy of a family member)
How can you tell if a potato is baked? It's [eyes](http://i.imgur.com/KwCyY.jpg) are all red and glossy.
No one shows their true character more than when they are retrieving their bags from baggage claim
If you had a million dollars and gave away one quarter, and another quarter, and then another quarter, how much would you have left? A million dollars minus 75 cents.
Does saying ""No Nigerian scammers"" in your ad really deter Nigerian scammers from scamming you Nigeriously?
Whiteboards are amazing! They're just so remarkable!
Cause of death is still a mystery... Authorities haven't ruled out foul play, after finding prince at the scene.
Movember I've decided to buck the trend of Movember this year by not growing a moustache. I'm calling it No-Movember.... Or for short, November.
I always give 100% Which is why I was sacked from being an exam marker.
What do you call the everyday routines of rabbits? Rabbits habits.
What does the head of the Catholic Church used to buy goods online? Papal
What does OP never do?
What is Mexicans favourite sport Cross-Country
*Claps along at an opera*
Was gonna' make a long joke about gastrointestinal problems but, I digest.
Johnny was a chemist... ...but Johnny is no more. For what Johnny thought was H2O, Was H2SO4.
TIL Walmart is the richest company in the world by revenue This is the right sub, bitches!
Did anyone see Apple's new device targeted for women consumers? Its called the MaxiPad
In some parts of the world, it's considered rude to be a woman.
just Facebook stalked the sister of the new boyfriend of the last girl who dated my ex. I'm just as confused as you are
I asked my friends how they decided they were going to have a baby... They said it was just sperm of the moment.
Tell the Starbucks barista that your name is Voldemort. Watch for those who don't flinch when the name is called. They will be your allies.
Mum: Jackie go outside and play with your whistle. Your father can't read his paper. Jackie: Wow I'm only eight and I can read it
How did the medical community come up with the term PMS? Mad cow disease was already taken.
What's the difference between me and a calendar? A calendar has dates. #foreveralone
""Can I go play w/ my Twitter friends?"" Wife: ""Are the kids in bed & the dishwasher emptied?"" ""...Yes"" *wife opens cabinet, kids fall out*
Do you believe in God? ""Do you believe in God?"" ""Of course! There's only one J.C. for me!""  AND HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA!!!! !!!
Why did raggedy Ann get kicked out of the toy box? She kept sitting on Pinocchio's face screaming ""LIE TO ME""!
We get it, cacti, you have great biceps.
drugs lead to nowhere....but at least its the scenic route
Do you know that percussionist in the band? Yeah, he rings a bell.
How many tickles does an octopus like? Ten-tickles
The proper skirt length is at least 2 inches below your cellulite.
What's another name for a casket? Mourning wood.
What's Beethoven's favorite fruit? Ba-na-na-naaa!
Why was the broom late to the meeting? It over swept
2nd grade poop joke going around. Knock knock. Who's there? Schmelmop.
Reddit is like a shiny new penny... It's fun to look at but completely worthless
Who is this Rorschach guy? ... and why does he paint so many pictures of my parents fighting?
[overhears wife complaining about me on phone] he's always overreacting and making a mess *spits chocolate milk everywhere* ARE YOU SERIOUS?
How is Santa like a paedophile? They both leave children's bedrooms with empty sacks.
A strange woman was pounding at my door at 4am and woke me up. I had to let her out.
""Did you ever try my hot salty water?"" - Inventor of soup
Dinosaurs are a lot like my will to live Both died many many years ago
Shoutout to toilet paper... ...for always being there for me while I'm having a shitty day.
What's the difference between a Circumcision and a Crucifiction? With crucifictions, they throw the whole jew away.
What do you call a high security U.S. prison in China? Wonton-amo Bay
How do you start a racist joke? With a look over your shoulder.
What has five bodies and one soul? A Kia full of Gingers.
Bacon causes cancer. Canadian bacon apologizes.
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious.
YOU SHALL NOT PASS! -Texas Senator Wendy Davis
I wish everyone would stop criticising Jimmy Savile. When I was 9, he fixed it for me to milk a cow blindfolded.
A guy goes to his doctor, and the doctor tells him, ""You've got to stop masturbating."" And the guy's like, ""Wait, why?"" The doctor reploes, ""So I can examine you.""
What will they play at the presidential inauguration if Republicans win? Trump-ets I'll see myself out
Saturday plans: -get abducted then hunted by a group of rich guys on a game reserve, then systematically take them out one by one. - laundry
I used to have a dog named Ass. RIP Ass
What's hardest part about eating bald pussy? Putting the diaper back on.
thanks, but I'M TOO FAR AWAY FOR YOU TO BE HOLDING THE DOOR OPEN FOR ME WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS STOP IT
My daddy always warned me about the 3 rings of marriage: the engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffering.
How do you kill a redneck? Wait until he fucks his sister and then cut the brakes on his house.
How can you tell a golf course is owned by Donald Trump? The rough is combed over the fairway
One of the main goals for Republicans is to close our Borders. Well, mission accomplished. I hear they're going after Books-A-Million next.
Water evaporates, condenses, precipitates, and evaporates again. It's a viscous cycle.
Think of this election like turning on a racetrack You do have two decisions but it probably won't be right.
Who cares if you break a damn mirror. If you think 7 years of bad luck is hell, try breaking a condom.
what's the difference between a wife and a job? After 10 years the job still sucks.
Maybe r/imgoingtohellforthis quality. 4chan ordered Dorner a delivery pizza for Dorner at the cabin, sadly the pizza was burnt when he received it. /leavesroom
What was the vegan craving when he got bit by a zombie? GRRRRRAAAAAIIIINNNNNSSSS
I couldn't find the thingy that peels the carrots and potatoes, so I asked the kids if they'd seen it. Apparently, she left me a few days ago.
What is the difference between British beer and a pussy? The pussy only tastes like piss at the start.
What was the last thing to go through Princess Diana's mind before she died. The windshield.
What do you say when comforting a grammar nazi? There...their...they're..
My wife's favorite position was cat style. She'd sit 3 feet away from me. No matter how many times I called her, she wouldn't come near me
Oxygen and Magnesium walk into a bar... OMg!
What happens when a lighter smokes weed? It becomes a high-lighter!
Man walks into a doctor's office Doc: Sir, I'm afraid that you have a very serious case of... onomatopoeia Patient: Oh no! is tha- Doc: Yes... it's exactly what it sounds like
Do you avoid clickbait properly? You don't
A short but funny joke your dick
What do you call a pack of sorority girls who aren't in law school? Deez hoes ain't lawyers.
My gay friend told me he's spending this 4/20 with his boyfriend. He said, ""After all, the Bible says 'Two men who lie together shall be stoned'.""
Sarcasm so good, they think you're being nice.
When tragedy strikes your community, McDonald's will still be there to take your money.
If Watergate happened today it would be called Watergategate.
Tried to pick up a woman at a cremation once. Got my fingers burnt.
What do you tell someone who occupies space and has mass? You matter.
How do you make your wife cry when you're having sex? Ring her up and let her listen
Life is too short to have a small breasted dental hygienist.
The trick to a good AVI is finding your best characteristic and flaunting it. I obviously am a fan of my nostrils.
What do you say to a chav that has got a job? Bigmac and fries please
a British satanist dates a lot of black women he is a master of the dark arse ( a bad joke )
I'm clingy, but not "" Simon Cowell's t-shirt"" clingy.
[with father in law] ""You know how to pluck a goose, son?"" Er yes sir, sure do *stretches goose's neck and plays it like a double bass*
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other? ""see you next month""
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don't work.
I was walking in a cemetery this morning and I spotted a bloke hiding behind a gravestone. I said, ""Morning.""He replied, ""No, just having a shit.""
It's absurd how none of the chicks at this park are recognizing my swag *puts flip phone back in my fanny pack. Rollerblades away*
When life gives you melons... don't burn the pot roast.
If I was smarter I'd make my social network passwords impossible to type when drunk.
I bet whenever a cow eats a lot of grass she says to her friends ""I've been eating like a cow!"" and they'd laugh and moo or whatever cows do
Hey guys! I reversed entropy! yportne
I brought a pet iguana home from the pet store... I think there's something wrong with him because he's very lethargic and I can't get him up. It must be a reptile dysfunction.
Christian Mingle: God has hidden a spouse for you on our website. Pay us $30 and see if you can find them.
I love this hooker. Warts and all.
What do you get when you cross pokemon and digimon?! A poke-mon!
BOSS: you're an hour late GUY WHO'S ABOUT TO INVENT DAYLIGHT SAVINGS TIME: oh you haven't heard?
Twitter reminds me of what my grandpa always used to say, 'Who are you people and what are you all jabbering about anyway?'
What do you call a fight between film actors ? Star wars !
My girlfriend was crying because she had gum in her hair. I told her to cut it out.
Hi, 911? I see someone from high school in this coffee shop and they're the type to corner & chat me up and I don't know what to do HI LAURA
I bought a metronome recently, I left it in my car as I stopped at the bank machine for a minute, came back and it was gone, someone stole it but was caught... ...now I hear the thief is doing 2/4
I was scraping a window at my Grandma's house.... I then thought up a joke for my mom to hear it was ""This window scraping stuff is a pane in the glass!"" She laughed :)
I share a commute with three friends. Every weekday for the last 15 years I've driven into the city, taking the road that goes under the river. Now the doctor says I have Carpool Tunnel Syndrome.
Having kids can really strengthen a marriage. My wife and I never had a common enemy before.
I love how women always smell good, and can complete you, and are sometimes wrapped in tinfoil. Wait, that's a burrito. I love burritos.
What's the difference... What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with a bra? One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
What a lie
Q: What does a king do when he burps? A: He issues a royal pardon.
So my girlfriend throws up in the morning also her stomach is getting bigger. It's time I get it through my head.....She drinks to much..
I often agree to let my kids sleep over at other people's houses, just to remind parents that there are kids who are way worse than theirs.
I neither like nor want to date Taylor Swift, but I know at some point it'll just be my turn.
I think my daughter might turn out to be the next Martin Scorsese! (Her eyebrows are fucking terrifying)
How many police officers does it take to change a light bulb? None. They just beat the room for being black.
Who makes the sandwiches in a lesbian relationship? Neither, they both eat out
How do turtles communicate? With shell phones.
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler? Usain Bolt can finish a race
I turn heads every time I go to work Makes sense, I'm a chiropractor.
Why don't the Mexicans have an olympics team? Because anybody who can run jump or swim is in the States.
The human body is 90% water so we are basically just cucumbers with anxiety.
A farmer decided to sell all of his chickens to the highest bidder... It was poultry in auction
Always buy 'hand wash only' shirts whenever you want to wear something once and then throw it into a 'hand wash only' basket for 15 years.
My girlfriend has a pet and I had a pet chicken. Her donkey ate my chicken. Now, I have my cock inside her ass this whole time.
Her: Are you even listening to me or are you just tweeting? Me: Yes sweetie, I hate her too.
They have free mints in the movie theater bathrooms. Wife: ""GROSS, who eats mints from the bathroom?!"" Me: (Mouth full of mints) ""I KNOW!""
2 password hashes were walking down the street, one was assaulted
What kind of musical instrument do mice play ? A mouse organ !
Why was the comic book series depressed? Because it had too many issues.
What do you call four Mexicans drowning? Cuatro sinko
IDEA FOR COURTROOM SKETCH ARTISTS: a camera
I just took nitrous oxide, and laxatives. For shits, and giggles.
I want to start an all Chinese, Iron Maiden cover band It'll be called Maiden China
What is a gay guys favorite search engine? Bing Bing
Hey people that knock on locked restroom doors, what are you expecting? ""hey I'm taking a shit but come on in and join me""
I'd only marry someone if they seemed like they'd be pretty easygoing during our divorce.
Did you hear about the convict who refused to take a nap? He was resisting a rest.
What do you call a chocolate moose? Dessert.
My girlfriend thinks she has syphilis.. I keep telling her it's all in her head.
Me: [getting stabbed by criminal] buddy this seems illegal
I just want to apologize to all the guys I dated BEFORE I started using Prozac. And to their wives. And their local fire departments.
The nephew I'm babysitting has been in a corn maze since Thursday, but I rationalize by thinking he has plenty to eat.
My wife told me to take a spider out instead of killing it We went and had drinks. Cool guy, wants to be a web designer.
What's the difference between your wife and your job? After five years, your job will still suck.
Daddy, there's a man at the door with a beard! Tell him I already have one.
What's worse than sitting on a cold toilet seat? Sitting on a warm one.
Knock knock. Who's there? * Fuck. * Fuck who? * Fuck you.
I like my coffee how I like my women... imported
The fact that Mitt Romney opted to see Twilight instead of Lincoln this weekend probably sums up what his presidency would've been like.
Text: OMG! I can't believe you tweet such vile, offensive, filthy, sick things. You should be removed from society. GET HELP! Love Mom XO
I asked Princess Leia why her and Han weren't going to make it... She said it is because ""Han shot first.""
Q: What do a woman and Kentucky Fried Chicken have in common? A: By the time you're finished with the breast and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box to put your bone in.
I walked into a lesbian karate class. All that they were doing was scissor kicks.
REMINDER: If men could get pregnant, birth control would be in Hooters' wing sauce.
*runs into wife on the way to see his mistress* Aww are those flowers for me? -Uh...yeah Is there a card too? *with a mouthful of paper* No
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAAAAAAND EYEEEEEEEEEE
Teachers at school: She seems to be expressing an inner need for control. Teachers at a bar: I want to punch that kid in the face.
What do you get when you squeeze a Synagogue? Jews.
What's the worst part about raping a deaf chick? You have to cut her fingers off so she can't tell anyone!
Don't forget to pay your taxes this year so the Government can give it to people that don't work as hard as you.
What Are Donald Trump's favorite kind of nuts? Wall nuts.
A class is learning about probability.. Teacher: If I toss a penny, what are the chances that I get a head? Girl: For a penny? Not very bright.
Curiosity both did and did not kill Schrodinger's cat.
Give a woman a compliment, she'll smile for a day.. Teach a woman to fish for compliments & she'll be annoying for the rest of her life.
[at a funeral home] ME: One death please
I went to the zoo and saw a piece of toast in a cage. The sign said ""Bread in captivity"".
Insurance agent to would-be client: ""Don't  let me frighten you into a hasty decision. Sleep on it tonite. If you wake in the morning give me a call then and let me know.
You would never be able to live down to your reputation, but I see you're doing your best.
How much does a pirate pay for corn? A buccaneer.
Put my grandma on speed dial Call that Instagram. My friend told me this a little while ago.
How are you getting on with the Internet? Surf far so good.
How much does a pirate pay for corn? A buccaneer!
What the the planet Jupiter say to Neptune? I can see Uranus from here.
It was so funny that I forgot to laugh... Said the sarcastic man with dementia.
""How much for this melted ghost?"" Sir that's a bed sheet ""You have a lot of them! And they're packaged? IS THIS GHOST HELL"" This is a Macys
I have a joke about this site... never mind you probably reddit
My girlfriend is like the Zika virus She gave me a little head the other day.
The truth about 9/11: it equals 0.81818182
What is a hipster russian roulette? You got six cookies and five of them is gluten free.
What does a British man do when he finds a prostitute and is in the mood? He pounds.
my friends are getting married and i'm here wondering what the diff between a soft taco and a burrito and if i should get both for dinner
If you're a girl and you get a ticket for going 5-10 over the speed limit, you might want to think about plastic surgery.
How many atheist does it take to change a light bulb? None. It will happen itself.
Never trust acupuncturists they are backstabbers
What happened to Ray when he met the  man-eating monster? He became an ex-Ray.
If simply wrinkling my nose at your smell is politer than spraying you head to foot with Febreze then so be it. Not happy but so be it.
What's the opposite of Easter? Wester
I just rolled my eyes so hard, I can see my brain.
I just got a text from someone I don't know. They say they're sick and vomitting. Should I tell them that vomitting only has one T?
Chuck Norris got in touch with his feminine side, and promptly got her pregnant.
Did you hear about the guy who lost his left arm and leg? He's all right now.
My doctor's just told me I am suffering from paranoia Well, he didn't actually say that, but I could tell it was what he was thinking
Did you hear about Joan Rivers? When they died, they realized she was an organ donor. They used the plastic to make toys for the orphan children.
What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean? I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
85% of the time I spend in a bathroom stall is spent waiting for the other person in the bathroom to leave.
I accidentally called out my mums name during sex and my sister hasn't talked to me since.
I got attacked by someone who suffers with premature ejaculation today. He just came out of nowhere.
You know, Mexican and Blacks jokes are really starting to bore me. Once you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal.
Whats the difference between a prostitute and a bowling ball? You can't fit a prostitute in a bowling ball.
What's the most wicked thing a group of young accountants can do? Go into town and gang-audit someone.
What do you call someone with no body and a nose? Nobody knows
I slip the nun 30 bucks and real quiet-like ask to see the ""strong orphans.""
A roofer is working on a house and falls through the ceiling and the people on the inside say, ""nice of you to drop in.""
Never hold in a fart... they go to your head, and that's where shitty ideas come from.
Q: Why are ghouls green? A: Because they didn't take their travel sickness pills.
I took a taste from the bag of white powder I found in my son's backpack and my worst fears were realized. Gymnastic chalk.
*Stubs cigarette out in palm to look tough* *waits till everyone leaves* *takes out cell phone* Hello 911? Please send all your ambulances
Why does a redneck find his cousin more attractive than a stranger? Because it's all relative.
Do NOT lower your standards to ""keep"" anyone. Make them meet you at YOUR level. Self respect is power.
There is nothing funny about PMS **.**
Which one of the ten men won the pun contest? No pun in ten did!
Commercial for Twitter dot com: *man yells nonsense out his window* Narrator: Don't you wish there were a better way?
Just saw Samuel L. Jackson order a couple of bagels. He paid for them and said thank you so basically now my whole life is ruined
Once you go black... You're a single mother.
All the women moaning about finding a husband obviously never had one.
Naming your child ""Roger"" is fine, until you have to tell someone about it over a two-way radio.
If Catholics are in a demonstration... ... Are they Protestants?
I totally bombed my LSATs by writing in ""Possession"" for nine-tenths of the answers.
What kind of disease do you get from birds? Chirpes. It's a canarial disease, and I hear it's untweetable.
I carry around a note in my wallet that says, ""The curse must be passed, I'm so sorry"" in case it's ever stolen.
so my girl friend just called me a pedofile i told her that was a big word for a 5 year old
Nipples: Nature's thermometer.
Why did the plant say after being watered? ""I'm not hungry exactly, but I could still use a light snack"".
My friend once had the GALL to call me the 'N' word, which really pissed me off. So I told him, ""Hey, ASSHOLE, think twice before calling me a nihilist, you dumb nigger.""
Why do Jewish men get circumcised ? Cause Jewish women won't touch anything that's not 10% off.
I quit my job as a prostitute because nobody gave a fuck.
Why doesn't Santa have kids? He only comes once a year
So many people have a messiah complex these days.... I'm like ""Jesus Christ!""
Q. Why did the ant fall off the toilet seat? A. Because he was pissed off!
A Physics major finds his girlfriend in bed with another man. He threatens to take matters into his own hands.
Two cannibals were having lunch. 'Your girlfriend makes a great soup' said one to the other. 'Yes!' agreed the first. 'But U'm going to miss her terribly.'
Que es la nombre con un bebe burro? un burrito
Your kid is running around the store screaming at the top of his lungs annoying everyone and I'm the asshole for tripping him??
How did the sailor deal with the death of his friend? He sent out a message in remorse code.
My friend and I were finally able to laugh off how competitive we are with each other. But I laughed harder.
*pregnant wife wakes up* I think my water broke *I hide the Kool-Aid packet and water jug I spilled in bed* Let's go to the hospital
How do you separate the Greek boys from the Greek men at a Greek BBQ? With a Crowbar!!!!!
Dude in front of me at Starbucks made a big show about calling his Grande a ""medium"" and the barista was like, ""Uck, this again""
Some people wouldn't understand irony if it beat them over the head with a helmet.
What is zero in Roman numerals? Nothing
I saw a church's sign say ""God is my Facebook."" Does that mean two men can poke each other on God?
I'm a racist I think the human race is the best one.
What do you call a donkey in space? A wild asstronaught.
I told my old classmate at our 10-year reunion that I'm a writer. ""Oh yeah?"" he asks. ""Have you sold anything yet?"" I said, ""Sure. My house, my car, and all my stuff.""
I'd hit that. - women drivers
Quit my job a few years ago because my boss was an idiot. Now I'm self-employed. My boss is still an idiot.
Complimented Taylor Swift on her shirt yesterday and now she's in a tree outside my window with a guitar and a wedding dress. Send.Help.Now.
How do you pickup chicks in Auschwitz ? With a dustpan..
If I were Russian I'd be Vladimir Poopin
Losing a husband can be hard: in my case it was almost impossible.
What does Ebola and US police have in common? A high body count of black people
I went to go smoke a joint with some Mexicans. When I asked if they had any papers they all ran.
Why does it take *two* premenstrual women to change a light bulb? #BECAUSE!!
Nothing waters down the word ""ultimate"" like ultimate frisbee.
What did the mommy broom say to the baby broom? Time to go to sweep.
Why doesn't Ebola harm fruit? Because if it affected an Apple it'd be called I-Bola.
What happens when you goose a ghost? You get a hand full of sheet. (Joke from my mom)
An Irish walks past a bar. ...
Oh nothing, just standing next to my computer browsing the internet on my phone
A tiny Tarzan swinging from your Tampon string.
My doctor told me I'm suffering from a Superman complex. But I couldn't stay for long, so I had to fly.
What's the difference between a G-Spot and a golf ball? A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
She's so stupid she thinks a shoplifter is a very strong person who goes round picking up shops.
Vampire 1: ""I once went so long without fresh blood that I nearly died."" Vampire 2: ""How awful!""  Vampire 1: ""Yes. Fortunately I found some in the neck of time.""
Was talking to a friend about taking many baths a day. ""There's no harm in taking baths repeatedly unless you are soap.""
I just bought a film with...
When I woke up this morning, the garbage disposal was making a funny noise. Turns out he was just masturbating in the next room.
The Id, The Ego, and The Super Ego walk into a bar.... The Id, The Ego, and The Super Ego walk into a bar. No they didn't! Yes, they did! None of this even matters!
If Reddit up/down voting were to be applied in real life as an immediate feedback of the spoken word crowed subway trains would be a much quieter place.
Adroit python swallowed male and female rabbits and doesn't need a food anymore.
I heard Donald Trump's apartment is made completely from marble. Apart from the showers. Those are golden.
What does a woman and KFC have in common? By the time you're finished with the breast and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box to put your bone in.
What's the difference between a Chickpea and a Garbonzo bean? I wouldn't let a Garbonzo bean all over my face.
You got acute appendicitis .. No, YOU got a cute appendicitis *winks at doctor*
What do you call a melon that's had a bit too much to drink? A Watermelon...
I laughed at Yoda for hiding in a swamp Then again, he's the only Jedi to ever die from old age Maybe he knew what he was doing after all.
What do quantum physicists do when life gives them lemons? Everything
I would tell you a chemistry joke about Sodium and Bromine Oxide but... Na BrO
Tried to type hustlin', iPhone corrected to hustling'. I don't need to see the casing to know that I've got the white iPhone.
hey ther delilah wats it like in gotham city is the joker stil in jail-- i mean yes babe u look so prety yes u do batman is not a cool as u
I wonder if Ninja-Siri wields Cortanas.
I wish life was more like hockey... Who doesn't want a horn to sound when their period ends?
ur mama is sooo fat she sat on a dollar and made 4 quarters pop out.
Where'd the rabbi stay on business? The L'Hyatt
How'd the husband know his wife was fooling around? Got home from work, kicked off her panties, and they stuck to the wall
One time I walked in on my brother, masturbating. We locked eyes for what felt like forever. Then he yelled, ""Why the hell are you masturbating!?""
Surprise sex is the best thing to wake up to... Unless you're in prison (I'll see myself out)
A bit rapey.. The lady walking ahead of me sped up so I did too, she began running so I ran too, she screamed so I screamed as well. I never even saw what we were running from.
First boy: Are you having a party for your birthday? Second boy: No I'm having a witch do. First boy: What's a witch do? Second boy: She flies around on a broomstick casting spells.
What is the capital of Greece? More than the capital of the UK.
Lawyer Joke :) What's the difference between a Lawyer &amp
Q: How did Bill and Hillary Clinton meet? A: They were dating the same girl in high school.
Why did the farmer's wife got angry at him for paying too much attention to his equipment? He kept looking at his hoes.
Why do you want to run for President? Because walking wouldn't burn enough calories.
Vote for the Best Military Joke of 2008 | Funny Stuff | Reader's Digest
Guy cut me off & I shouted, ""you are unable to pleasure your wife. OR HUSBAND."" Cause he needs to know I'm angry, yet progressive.
Nothing is creepier than watching someone hula hoop with a serious look on their face.
I asked a waiter how they prepare their chicken. He said... ""Meh, nothing special. We just straight out tell them they're going to die.""
PBS is starting a new children's show... for kids along the Mexican-American border. It's called Maquiladora the Explorer.
What was the warlock's favorite cookbook? The Necronomnomnomicon.
What do you call it when someone accidentally gives you a handjob? A stroke of luck.
Did you hear about the kidnapping down the street? His mother wouldn'twake him until 3.
A man goes to a doctor with a large, dirty toad on his head. The doctor asks, ""What seems to be the problem?"" And the toad replies, ""Hey, Doc, there's something stuck to my ass.""
I got lost in a closet as a child... When I came out, my parents, although supportive, really weren't that happy.
When I see an ugly guy buying condoms, I restore my faith in myself by thinking that he bought them only because balloons weren't available
Why can't steven hawking perform comedy? He can't do stand up
What do you call a man in the middle of the ocean with no arms or legs? Bob
What's the difference between dead animals on the road and dead lawyers on the road? Dead animals have skid marks AROUND them
Holland break FIFA rules by accidentally scoring against Brazil
My girlfriend of 8 years recently told me she used to be a man This actually itsn't a joke I just had to get it off my chest. I'm heartbroken, what should I do?
Heard this from a homeless guy in Philly What did one testicle say to the other testicle? Ya know, just between you and me, that guy's a dick.
So a Blonde is sitting with her Blonde friend at the bar... ...and says to her friend ""I slept with a brazilian last night."" ""That's **terrible!**"" her friend says. ""How much is a brazilian?
Where is the best place to buy authentic shrunken heads? Brazil
I always date mathematicians. That way when they ask why I'm breaking up w/them I can say DO THE MATH JERRY. Oh yeah & I always date Jerries
When an unattractive woman in a bar asks me my sign I tell her ""Stop.""
Unrestrained children in the back seat can cause accidents. Unrestrained accidents in the back seat can cause children.
I don't research Nihilism anymore. What's the point?
Welcome to Plastic Surgery Addicts Anonymous... ... I'm seeing a lot of new faces in the crowd this week, and I have to say, I'm disappointed.
They say if your erection lasts... They say if your erection lasts more than 4 hours that you should call a doctor... I say you should tell your wife to call some friends!
(NSFW) Coors Light is like having sex in a canoe. Fucking close to water.
How is cunnilingus like riding a bike with an open face helmet? It's a lot of fun as long as you don't end up with bugs in your teeth.
What's better than roses on my piano? Tulips on my organ!
What do you call a run-down and Italian neighborhood? The Sphaghetto
I got fired from my job at the Orange Juice factory They said I couldn't concentrate
Why do women prefer 77 more than 69? Because they get 8 (ate) more. Repurposed from a /u/sciomancy6 comment.
A seal walks into a club And soon after an Inuit family has a nice meal.
Marathons should keep going until only one person hasn't shit themselves and that person should be the winner.
Read about a 60 yr old woman wanting to swim from Florida to Cuba & felt inspired & wanted to help so I emailed her a picture of a boat
What did the tin man say after he was ran over by a steamroller? ""Curses! Foil again!""
Long ago, my mentor told me to look into self improvement. He used to mumble a bit, though. Now I don't have the discipline to actually build one, but I know everything about constructing shelves.
Love, ethnic food, &amp
If you're in a clown posse, you don't need to tell us you're insane. We know. Nobody's thinking you're an emotionally stable clown posse.
Jewish telegram: ""Begin worrying. Details to follow.""
What's a Chinese chicken's favorite vegetable? Buock choi
Russian nesting dolls are so pretentious. They're so full of themselves.
I'm in line behind a lady with 100 coupons so come visit me in jail, OK?
They offered me money to promote a product in my Twitter account, but my dignity is strong, as Axion ""The true grease stain remover""
Can't believe I'm not invited to things I'd never go to.
Winnie-the-Pooh is in tears He got Triggered.
the dead are the best people to not show respect to. suck it, anonymous author of the epic of gilgamesh. I can run& breathe. your just bones
Sex while camping... It's in tents.
How does Hilary Clinton clean her glasses? By wiping the mainframe.
A Doctor gives his patient the bad news that he only has a week to live... Patient - ""No, I don't accept that! I'd like an alternative fact please"" Doctor - ""Money-wise, you are now set for life""
Love is a decision. I have decided not to smother my husband with his pillow. Our love will live another day.
What do people call Miley Cyrus in Europe? Kilometery Cyrus
How to you get rid of the dandelions on your lawn? Paint one of them black
Vegetables They never knew what hit em
fun prank: replace sugar packets at restaurants with cocaine
Me: Hi. Can I help you? Him: I'm here about the wanted ad for the one night stand Me: Great. Where is it? Him: What? Me: The nightstand.
Do you think it's ok to lie to a girl in order to sleep with her...? Because I feel really bad about lying to my mom like that
ME: need help? GIRL (having car trouble): could u give me a jump ME (inflating the bounce house I keep in my trunk): I thought u'd never ask
If Pluto isn't a planet because it's too small... then do you really have a penis?
My Life I just lost like 500 on betting..What the fuck am i doing with my life
What do you call a make-believe country for wizards? A magi nation
Frozen ""I hate how everyone is obsessing over frozen. They really need to just let it go.""
What's the difference between a woman and a gun? Guns don't move out when you bring a new one home.
Hey man, why do you have all these self help books on your floor? I hate my shelf.
A black man walks into a bar ""Why the wrong face?"" the bartender says.
Why can't a muslim have SexEd and Driver'sEd on the same day? Their camels need a break at some point.
Old man and old lady... Old man amd old lady were lying in bad. Old lady: You know, I still can put my legs in air. Old man : Me too!... but, who gonna fuck us?
What did little John Cena say to his primary school teacher when she gave him his report card? You can't C me!
Me: If that baby won't stop crying I'm walking out & going to another restaurant. Gf: You used to do that too. Me: that was months ago.
The other day a Swedish man called me a racist and a believer of stereotypes... So Ikea'd his car.
How do you get Cream of Mushroom in Pokemon? Put 2 Amoonguss' in the daycare.
First in my neighborhood to cut the grass and now the other husbands are looking at me like I reminded the teacher to assign homework.
""Lord, can I have a pony?"" Sure. Just as soon as I get a prayer from a pony asking for a little girl with no clue how to take care of it.
I want to die drunk and peacefully like my grandfather Not like his 6 other screaming passengers
I want to date a girl who is willing to solve any disagreements with impromptu light-saber battles.
Wife: You act like a child with that phone. Me: Child? I'm a grown ass man. Wife: Let me see your phone. Me: No. *snatches phone Me: MINE
Two ladies fighting for a seat in a bus .. Bus conductor : The older one should sit here Both looked at each other And the seat remained empty :p
Ran out of time At work today a coworker said to me... Coworker: I was goin to make a smoothie for breakfast but I ran out of time .   Me: You put thyme in your smoothie ?! .
Why did Jesus come back from the dead? Because Mary Magdalene was his Horcrux.
I bought condoms. Cashier asked if I needed a bag, I said no she's not that ugly RT @HeroinHadley:Tweet something inspirational. I need it.
With all the division in this country, I wanted to reach out... ...and tell my Latin friends ""Feliz ano nuevo!""
Adding Blonde Q: Why couldn't the blonde add 10 and seven on a calculator? A: She couldn't find the 10 key.
Is there a mouse in the house ? No but there's a moose on the loose !
Every yo-yo trick should be called ""no friends.""
My mate says I don't understand irony... Which is ironic, because we were at a bus stop at the time.
Have you heard of the corduroy pillow? It's making headlines everywhere.
If I put on a latex glove and snap it, that's just me flirting
What did Earth say to the Sun? My life revolves around you!
Sausages... They're the wurst.
Your life.
Why did the vegan zombie visit the coma ward? Because it only ate vegetables.
Every picture I've seen of Neil Patrick Harris the last ten years has been of him adjusting his shirt cuffs. He needs better shirts.
A major yet unspoken difference between medieval times and now is... These days, if someone owns a sword, it's a pretty safe bet you can kick their ass.
Imagine falling in love with someone and then finding out they say ""worthwild""
Roses are red, violets are blue... 9/11 was an inside job.
Why didn't the Mexican take Xanax? He was barred.
Where's Spiderman's home page? On the world wide web.
Today I met a guy who said he was a Premature Ejaculator He came out of nowhere
Occam's Disposable Razor When given multiple equally valid choices, choose the one that costs the least money.
""There won't be humans in 500 years. Enough people choke themselves when they jerk off we gave it a name. We ain't a species made to last.""
What's the only buttons that work on a redditor's computer? Copy + paste...
What is it called when you pay a hooker? An Entrance Fee.
I swear on my momma imma upvote this post, since you sweared on your momma upvote this post.
Yo Mama So Fat Yo mama so fat that her Schwarzschild radius equals 1 cm.
""Edge of Tomorrow"" is about a guy who's forced to relive the same thing over and over and over again, day after day after day. I can't relate at all.
Q: What's the difference between Indiana and a blonde?  A: A blonde has larger hills and deeper valleys.
Rednecks What do you call a redneck virgin? A 10 year old girl who can run faster than her brother and father
What's the difference between you and me? You came OUT of your mom's vagina.
I wish my laundry was more like protein... so it would fold itself!
How many Horsemen of the Apocalypse does it take to change a lightbulb? Three. War never changes.
Zoo visitor: What's the new baby hippo's name? Hippopotamus keeper: I don't know he won't tell me.
Dracula Why is Dracula's favorite subject in school Math? Because he likes to Count.
Lets role play I'll be Osama, You be a cave, and I'll hide up inside you
Boy if these walls could talk I'd be like ""HOLY SHIT TALKING WALLS""
For my photography project, I took my camera to a strip club Everyone in my photos came out a little over-exposed.
If the FBI wants to get into people's iPhone's without permission... They should just ask U2
when I see a Facebook relationship status 'it's complicated' I imagine love through wormholes over tens of thousands of years, alien biology
(JOKE).""KERMIT THE FROG"" vanndukeandsammy sammy:what is kermit the frog favorite food?....vann duke: I don't know,tell me what is kermit the frog favorite food?....sammy:french flies!
Instead of racism or misogyny, why not hate the people who wear pyjamas and slippers to the airport?
Why do engineers have to practice their social skills? So they don't forget either of them.
What is green, and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
I'd watch Pimp My Ride: One Year Later, a show about people coming to terms with maintaining a fish tank and waffle-maker in a Ford Fiesta.
Brains are awesome... I wish everyone had one.
Helium walks into a bar and orders water. The bartender apologises, ""sorry sir we are out of water"" ... It doesn't react
Men's underwear should be called ""manhole covers""
I like my women as i like my whiskey... 10 years old and locked in a basement
If I was a boss anywhere my job interviews would consist of only one question: who do you play as in Mario Kart
Finding out a gay guy has a crush on you is like finding 1,000,000 pesos. You'll think ""Well, I can't do much with this right now, but if I ever cross that line I'll be just fine""
I rarely eat kale chips, but when I do-I eat them condescendingly and self-righteously.
I work out by ordering a small drink at Burger King, then get up 100 times to refill it.
have you ever wondered why stephen hawkins is in a wheelchair it's because he was getting smart with Chuck Norris
Wanna hear a story about a ghost? That's the spirit.
Thanksgiving. The day in 1621 when Native Americans shared a meal with undocumented immigrants who never left.
What do you call more than two English blokes masturbating? A Union Jack.
Describe your sex life in two words. ""My what?""
When did razors get so expensive? Three more payments and I'll be able to shave
How I wear a scarf: 1. Take scarf and drape it over my shoulder 2. Find an annoying co-worker and choke them to death with it. 3. Repeat
A love letter to my iPhone The apple of my I
Why don't Nazi's like strip clubs? Because, they don't like Poles.
Doctor doctor I think I've been bitten by a  vampire. Drink this glass of water. Will it make me better? No but I'll be able to see if your neck leaks.
You get a fish bite! You get a fish bite! You get a fish bite! You're all getting fish bites! - OPiranha
How do I explain to my dog tonight that thunder isn't the all powerful god of canine destruction searching for him with every boom
Pac Man is my favourite video game about my life. It keeps getting harder and I can't stop eating everything in sight.
My parents won't say which of their six kids they love the best, but they have told me I finished just out of the top five.
Driving isn't even in the top 5 things I'm thinking about when I'm driving.
My Girlfriend is writing a book about menstrual cycles. It's a period piece.
Waiter your tie is in my soup! That's all right sir it's not shrinkable.
Why are shoes always tied in the ghetto? Because if not, you always be trippin nigga.
A lot of people don't realize that Shania Twain's father, Mark, was actually a pretty good writer.
What's got two wings, a tail and twenty five pricks? England's return flight.
I don't like jokes about midgets... ...they're low-hanging fruit.
What did the house say to the other house when it fell on it. Get off me Homes.
A skeleton walks into a bar... and he says to the bartender... ""Give me a beer and give me a mop!""
What did I do before Twitter? Well, there's my family and......OH MY GOD WHERE'S MY FAMILY?!?!
I saw a dramatic comedy about a guy with PbA. The plot was confusing... I didn't know whether to laugh or cry..
Me? Need a Bag? Nah chill son, Ima juggle this 6 pack of beer and watermelon on my head while riding a scooter.
I once went 11 years without Masterbating... Then I turned 12
What's it called when a Roman sees too many flashing colors? A Julius Seizure.
I joked at school drop off that the white stuff on my kid was powdered sugar, not cocaine, but I took it too far by rubbing some on my gums.
Where does a pornstar go for timeout? The casting couch
I'm still waiting for the episode of Extreme Home Make Over where they demolish a hobo's cardboard box and build him a crate...
How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb? Just Juan.
Bernie Sanders Draws 28,000 in Portland Rally I never would have guessed he was such a talented and quick artist.
'Failed to send tweet,' is Twitter's polite way of saying, 'Dude..'
Q. How can you tell if someone is half Catholic and half Jewish? A. When he goes to confession he takes a lawyer with him.
What's the best part of being a lesbian in 1912? Both got seats on the titanic's lifeboats.
most people don't realize that chickpeas only get $0.79 for every $1 a manpea makes
What to you call a fat computer? A dell
What do parliament and Ukrainian skies have in common? They're both raining bodies
Russian Cosmonauts have been banned from telling jokes on the Interational Space Station... ... because they always involve Mir puns.
Guys I finally came up with a name for our character: Spongebob ""Perfect!"" Thanks ""What's his last name?"" Oh, uh- *looks at pic* Squarepants
Why do they make condoms with ribs? So you can get traction in the mud.
Kissing is like peeing your pants Everyone can see it but only you can feel the heat
The sculpture of Amelia Earhart in the Burbank airport doesn't give me that warm fuzzy feeling before flying.
What's the resemblance between a bungeejump and a african whorehouse? If the rubber blows, you're dead
1-year-old: *shrieks repeatedly* Me: Why is she so loud? Wife: That's how she talks. Apparently she speaks fluent pterodactyl.
Dad, is that dog over there a wiener dog? Son, with enough peanut butter every dog is a wiener dog.
Why does Helen Keller only masterbate with one hand? She needs the other to moan.
Apparently my 6yo old son went to school with a Spiderman costume under his clothes. The students of Edison Elementary are safe today.
I suffer bloating for years until I found this one secret supplement! ""rotten eggs""
A fat guy walks into a bar [deleted]
'Sorry officer but how was I to know that weird noise my car was making was a bicycle stuck in my mudflap?'
One-Liners The attraction to redheads is a lot like being addicted to drugs.
I just misspelled a word so bad that auto correct blew milk out its nose.
If i could give any advice to hitler... Auschwitz should have been the first thing you made.
Hell is having a married couple tell you a story at the same time.
Worst things the parents do on Home Alone: 3. Never punish Buzz 2. Forget one of their kids 1. Try to make everyone drink milk with pizza
Last night my girlfriend fell asleep before me, so I decided to lick her pussy until she woke up. This morning she asked why the cat seemed afraid of me.
Cats that run under your legs display the same genius as someone walking into traffic.
what happens when you pop a cherry? she starts crying
How do you top a car? Tep on the brake, tupid!
Knock Knock Who's there ! Arson ! Arson who ! Arson McCullers !
Where do dads keep their jokes? In their dadabase.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but the light bulb has got to *want* to change.
Based on my search history, Google suggests: A social life
How are rookie marathon runners like people with erectile dysfunction? There both just honestly happy to finish
What mental disorder did the serial killer who stabbed his victim 23 times have? OCD.
My wife has just left me, taking my satellite dish and Bob Marley collection. No woman, no Sky.
Don't waste electricity. How would you like it if I turned you on and walked away?
*Buys map of world, pins it up on wall* *Throws dart, swears to visit wherever it lands* *Visits the middle of the Atlantic Ocean*
What's a snakes favourite flower ?  Coily-flowers !
""WHO WANTS A PIECE OF ME?!?"" - Jesus, at the first Communion.
Request: Gimme your best white people jokes. Why does everybody else get the brunt of the jokes? Let me hear something different.
What did the nun say to the priest? Shut up
I try not to criticize those who practice incest After all, it's all relative.
It's a funny old world we live in. Once we had empires run by emperors, then we had kingdoms run by kings. Now we have countries...
I dont always roll a joint... But when I do its my ankle.
People who ignore your texts are probably just busy looking at pictures of you. Keep trying. It's not weird
When will Smith die When Will Smith die we will call him Was Smith?
Me in HR: I wasn't trying to be condescending... It's just that the boss didn't understand and I thought the puppets might make it clearer.
What's the difference between Arabs and Americans? American kids come home from boyscouts
What do you call a sexually-confused Arctic Circle? Bi-polar
What did Hitmonlee say to Hitmonchan when he said he said his jokes sucked? ""I'm sorry , I'm not very good at executing punchlines.""
Barakaysan la hadal sida Maalinta burcad ah!
If Olive oil is made from olives - baby oil made from what? *is
Why do feminists make bad mass shooters? Because they always give a trigger warning.
Engineers How do you tell if an engineer is an extrovert? They look at *your* shoes while they talk to you.
Vader: I'll teach you the Death Star's power Leia: By blowing up my planet? Vader: By showing you a PowerPoint presentation Leia: NOOO!!!
Q: What does a proud computer call his  little son? A: A microchip off the old block.
[at the gym] Trainer: ""Why don't you tell me what your workout goals are."" Me: ""Goals? I'm just here so I don't eat for an hour.""
You know, Microsoft, if you had called it Bang instead of Bing, you'd have destroyed Google. Example: I just Banged  Catherine Zeta Jones.
Well well well if it isn't the kangaroo whose pouch I'm in.
A woman calls the nursing home to see how her father is doing... 'He's like a fish out of water.' 'You mean he's having trouble adjusting?' 'No, I mean he's dead.' -Mike Close-
Why is #Windows10 releasing before nine? because 7 8 9
12: Dad, if Mary gave birth to Jesus and Jesus is the lamb of god, didn't Mary have a little lamb? Me: And you came with a no return policy
I got attacked by a yob with bat down the local park yesterday.. I was really impressed with how well he had it trained
In the beginning ... God created the world, and rested. Then God created man, and rested. Then God created woman. Since then, neither God nor man has rested.
What's the difference between when you're hungry and when you're horny Where you put the cucumber.
you must be irish because my penis is dublin
Two guys on /r/Jokes walk into a bar One adds lines after the punchline, while the other doesn't. The one who never adds these extra lines kicks the one who does. Son of a b****!
I'd make jokes about midgets, but that would be little of me.
What room does a ghost not need? A living room
One of those people out there with protected tweets is your therapist passing your problems off as jokes.
My 13yo just dumped his girlfriend and now he's attempting to get his hoodie back. He's in for one hell of a life lesson.
What do you call using Tinder while you are in the bathroom? A swipe and wipe.
A photon checks into a hotel and is asked ""do you have any luggage, Sir?"" The photon replies ""no, I'm travelling light""
Who Shot First? Boba Fett or Jango Fett? Han Solo
Mom thinks I run google :D [Mom thinks I run google - My Funny Mom](http://www.etcpb.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Mom-thinks-I-run-google.jpg)
What are condoms? Something your worthless fuckup of a father couldn't afford.
How many potatoes a day will make you fat? 00000
A ham sandwich walks into a bar. Sits down. The bartender comes over and the ham sandwich says: &gt
If you heard twenty minutes of moaning from my bedroom that was just me trying to stand up.
Which Knight invented the Round Table? Sir Cumference
Why spend all that time in school to be a doctor,, when you can save lives by forwarding an email or reposting a status on your Facebook wall?
An Elvis impersonator had to cancel a show because he got some terrible family news. He was all shook up
Pro Tip: wash your hands after you shake mine
Regular naps prevent old age, especially if you take them while driving.
I finally got my first interview since moving to the US. Almost able to say something more romantic to the GF than ""you're out of batteries""
Why does everyone mention that in space no-one can hear you scream instead of mentioning something positive like how no-one can hear u yodel
There are two types of guys: those who pee in the shower and those who don't admit it.
Times are tough, jobs are scarce, I know I don't have the greatest body, but for you single ladies, I'll gigolo if the  price is right. . .
What did the elephant say when he was pulled out of the quicksand by the balls? Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Ball!
What do a WW2 German Soldier and an Animal Doctor have in common? They're both Veteran-Arians (wah wah)
You'll end up real disappointed if you grow up thinking everyone has the same heart as you do.
Confucius say man who at night have scratchy bottom have at morning smelly fingers
What do toilet paper and the Starship Enterprise have in common? They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons.
Dark humor is like food Not everyone gets it.
""How about we go with a gerund, but, like, maybe just half a gerund."" - How ING Bank got its name
What fundamental force compels physicists to go to work on Mondays? The week force.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A stego-sore-ass
What do you call a man who gives a woman the illusion of entitlement? A Husband...
What's red and orange and looks good on hipsters? Fire.
Saw my neighbour scrubbing some graffiti saying 'paedo' off his door this morning... I said ""What's been going on mate?"" He said ""Fucking kids!""
Why did the Eskimos have to stop partying? because they ran out of Natural Light
""I dunno, maybe you go steal an old lady's purse, you can hold up a liquor store, & you...just sit there looking mean."" -Unorganized Crime
*double-checks the constitution to see if we really have to have a president*
What's E.T. short for? Cus he's got little legs
So a midget's at a casino and he runs into his friend the dealer... The dealer says ""Hey how you feelin? I heard you were sick."" The midget says ""Naah I'm a little better.""
Police officer: Have you had anything to drink? Me:No PO:Ok, blow into here Me:But there are no candles PO:Ma'am please get out of the car
Arrested at the Zoo. I got arrested at the zoo the other day for having sex with a baby gorilla. When I asked the officer what I was being charged with he responded ""Statutory Ape"".
What does a mathematician do when he is constipated? He works it out with a pencil.
I like my women like I like my Pistachio nuts. Easy to get inside or else I'll just move onto the next. Ha ha only joking. I'm so lonely.
Liquor probably won't fix your problems... but it's worth a shot.
Me: omg can smoking weed make u hallucinate? Dog making pancakes: lol that wasn't weed dude
My rubberband gun was confiscated in Algebra class It was a weapon of math disruption!
I bought a new lock for my bedroom door Wound up getting half off when it didn't work.
Recycling Jesus died for our bins.
What's in an Irish 7 course meal? A 6 pack and a potato.
How do they even grow a boneless chicken?
A joke for you all! Q. What do you call a midget psychic that has escaped from jail!?!!? A. A small medium at large!! Just kidding, nigger will probably suffice...
What did the porn star put at the end of their resume? Sexual references.
[Fear Factor] HOST: and the first contestant to touch the puppy in front of them will be sent home *camera pans to me already holding puppy*
Don't be stingy when it comes to getting a circumcision. I got one cheap and it was a total rip-off.
I like to yawn in front of people so they yawn and then I can say ""You're tired I should go.""
I think that some of the people I see in Wal Mart shouldn't be allowed to leave Wal Mart.
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. Then when you criticize,you are a mile away from them & have their shoes
Whats prettier..... ....than watching Ivanka Trump lying on her bed on a Saturday morning? Ivanka Trump lying on MY bed on a Saturday morning.
I thought about being a feminist but what could I possibly do for the cause? I'm just a woman.
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb? None, they just shoot the room for being dark.
Kanye West is now on Twitter. Since he doesn't follow anyone, not only will he not let you finish, he's not gonna let you start, either.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get away from Gordon ramsey
I am not sure if I need to get beat up, broke as hell and drive a P.O.S car to get a hot girlfriend. Because that's all I  see, ugly is the new hot!
My friend fell into the gelatto machine. Ice creamed in terror.
Einstein came up with a theory about space... and it was about time too!
I have my entire Valentine's day planned with my toaster! Okay, so first, we're going to take a bath.
I Feel Really Safe There are police helicopter circling my house.
I used the think that correlation implied causation, but now I know that it doesn't. I took a statistics class last year, and that might have helped, but I'm not so sure.
It's pretty racist that Denzel Washington keeps getting typecasted as black men.
What is smarter? What is smarter, longitude or latitude?...Longitude, because it has 360 degrees.
You may have a drinking problem - when your mother asks you to toast the bread.....and you raise your glass and say ""here's to the bread""!
At first I didn't like my beard.. But now it's starting to grow on me.
Who makes the music for the Marvel movies? The Avengers Ensemble.
""I could eat."" - How I answer most questions, even if they're not food-related.
Why is santa's sack so big? Because he only cums around once a year
Once you go black, you can always go back to having coffee with milk, there's really no set in stone rules here.
My local council just installed a zebra crossing near the primary school What a waste of money, I've never even seen a zebra in this town
Corduroy Pillow ""Did you guys hear about those new corduroy pillows?"" [silence] ""No? I heard they were making headlines""
LIKE if you don't ring the doorbell... You just text or call to say you're outside.
A man is kicked off a plane for playing online games. He was simply trying to have fun above all.
The guy who invented the USB connector died... They lowered the coffin into his grave. Then they lifted it back out, turned it round, and lowered it back in again.
There is a new Barbie doll on the market -  Crash Test Barbie ...comes with car and brick wall
What do politicians and diapers have in common? Both should be changed regularly, and both for the same reasons.
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink Bartender says, ""No charge""
I bet we can get into some serious Treble together.
Light a man a fire and he'll be warm for a hour. Light a man on fire and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
If I was hanging off a cliff for my life and you told me to take your hand I would stop screaming to tell you I'm afraid of intimacy
Burlap pants are coming into fashion, People are just itching to show off the new look.
I only read 1 line jokes on reddit
""Are you cold?"" No dumbass, I'm on fucking vibrate mode..
Kinda thick horizontal curvy line, two thinner curvy vertical lines, squiggly line, different thicker squiggly line -Japanese spelling bee
[Security breach at Wayne manor] BRUCE: *brooding darkly* ALFRED: The back door is literally just a waterfall
*friend gets divorced Mon* *friend goes on date Tues* *I break up with boyfriend* *15 years later I casually smile back at a stranger*
2nd Rule of Parent Club: If your kid suddenly says ""I think I'd better wash my hands"", don't question them. I repeat, DO NOT QUESTION THEM.
[Walk into a Cat Cafe] Me-I've never eaten cat. What do you recommend? Lady-They're for adopting not eating M-Oh, well can I adopt one? L-No
First woman on the Moon: ""Houston, we have a problem."" What? ""Never mind"" What's the problem? ""Nothing"" Please tell us? ""You know what the problem is.""
I like my bourbon the way the Chinese like their women... 11 years old and mixed up with coke.
Its funny how your parents tell you its their house, but as soon as something needs cleaning, it magically becomes yours too.
I've never run a marathon, but once I walked real fast across a parking lot because Krispy Kreme was about to close.
What do balloons and virgins have in common? One prick and its gone.
An anti-semantic walks into a synagogue. The linguists in the group are offended and leave.
Just got kicked out of Chipotle for knowing what I wanted when I got to the front of the line.
I always get a ""Yes"" from women, but it's usually followed by ""That's him, officer.""
Two prostitutes are standing on the corner. One asked the other, ""Have you ever been picked up by the fuzz before?"" The prostitute replies, ""No, but I've been swung by my tits.""
What did the Buffalo say to his son on the first day of school? Bison.
A pirate's wife asks him what body part he'd be most okay with losing The pirate thinks and replies, ""my spine!"" ""Why?"" says his wife, a little surprised ""Because it's holding me back!""
Washing clothes feels so old fashioned. I mean, who separates whites and colours anymore.
People in glass houses Should go to the bathroom in the basement.
A teacher asks one of her students what the formula for water was... He said, ""H I J K L M N O"" Teacher: What? Student: Yesterday, you said the formula for water is H2O
What do you call a rich frog ? A golf blooded reptile !
With a wheelchair, everyday is Halloween! Children are scared of you, adults try to guess what you are, and the elderly just give you candy! Paraphrased from the wonderful Zach Anner
How did the pig get to the hospital? in a hambulance.
What's the difference between Lamar Odom and a hooker? A hooker can wash her crack and reuse it.
I think it's cool that our galaxy is named after a chocolate bar.
If I did the math right, 8 of you are serial killers and 1,246 of you are eating Nutella.
Why the long face ? A horse walks into a bar. Bartender: why the long face ? Horse: because I'm a raging alcoholic.
I say ""do I smell popcorn"" right after I fart, so everyone takes in a deep breath.
What's a pirate's favorite letter? AYEE ya thought it be ARRR but it be the 'C'!
What did the poet with hemorrhoids say? I'm stuffin the puffin back into my muffin.
Trump wants to ban Muslims but if we learned anything from Prohibition it's that people will just make Muslims in their bathtubs.
What do you call it when a lizard cums? Busting a newt
Why didn't the bear go to college? Because bears don't go to college.
5: ""Why is the moon so bright?"" Me: ""It's not, it's pretty dim actually."" Moon: ""I heard that.""
Steak jokes. They're a rare medium well done.
I like my women like I like my rice... Hot, white, and with my meat in it.
Why are Saturday and Sunday so strong? Because the rest are weekdays.
11: He shoots for her coffee. He SCORES! HE'S... Me: Grounded.
I swallowed a piece of Lego the other day I was shitting bricks.
If you want some alone time, tell your husband that you're going to watch the Bachelor. Even if you're not.
What's the difference between a religious revival and a bikers rally? At a religious revival, they say ""STAND UP FOR JESUS"" At a bikers rally, they say ""SIT DOWN FOR CHRIST'S SAKE""
AVN's Best Actress Award goes too... you acting pussy like a chick in a porn film.
You know what really sucks? Sluts.
What goes Vrrrooom-schreech, Vrrrooom-schreech, Vrrrooom-schreech? A blonde at a flashing red light.
If someone stands you up and doesn't call, stay positive. They could be dead.
Don't pay your taxes. Get sent to a cool ass prison. Boom, now taxes pay you. Life hack.
You're like a magnet... Your fatass is always on the fridge.
Josh Dugger The Christians are taking the latest news regarding the Dugger family hard. I just drove by a Chick-fil-A, and the flags were at half-staff.
This morning, I accidentally put redbull instead of water in my coffee After 15 mins of driving I realized I forgot home my car
Since I can't afford porn, I just turn on tennis and shut my eyes.
When they say ""all expenses paid"" does that include bail?
Roses are red.... Violets are blue-ish, If it weren't for Christmas, we'd all be Jewish!
Hey girl, are you a derivative function? Cuz I wanna be tangent to your curves.
I want to follow you back, really, I do. But the hash tags. My god the hash tags.
A person is drowning and yelling ""HELP I DON'T KNOW HOW TO SWIM"" A bystander tells him to shut up because he doesn't know how to swim either but he's not freaking out about it like the guy drowning.
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you?  Run - she is still holding the grenade!
(My wedding day) Grandma: You remind me so much of your father Me: Wow, thanks that means a lot G: Your father was a disappointment also
Boy, pet stores don't like it when you ask, ""What is the most delicious animal you sell here?""
No matter how white-hot my rage feels, I have been unable to clear the snow off my driveway by giving it the finger.
3rd eye: youre on drugs 4th eye: youre a nerd 5th-7th eyes: ??? 8th eye: you are now a spider 9th eye: spider on drugs 16th eye: nerd spider
Why did Captain Kirk take such a long time in the washroom? Because he was fighting the Klingons.
I grew up thinking my dad was a fireman Then I realised he was just an arsonist
I am extremely offended by the song ""God is Dead"" by Black Sabbath. How can Ozzy Osbourne possibly sing that? ...when Tony Iommi is standing right next to him, alive and well.
If CERN's Large Hadron Collider creates a black hole that destroys earth would that make it a weapon of math destruction?
Phone just autocorrected ""your"" to ""yore"" in case thou wouldst think I'm smarter than thee.
What they say: ""Hey, have you lost weight?"" What they mean: ""Hey, I remember you being a lot fatter. What gives?""
Did you hear about the basketball tournament in Mexico? Its Juan vs. Juan
A Man's Biggest Hope Most men hope they will marry a nymphomaniac. The problem is, that after a few years, the nympho leaves but the maniac is still there.
My dad ""Girls are the devil, always remember that son"" says my married father while we were eating supper in front of my mother/his wife
Cop : HANDS IN THE AIR! Me: *drunk, starts flailing arms* Cop: NO, NOT LIKE YOU JUST DON'T CARE
Putting up Christmas decorations was a bad idea. I'm drunk and stuck on top of the house with an inflatable Easter Bunny.
Why is six afraid of seven... Because seven is a registered six offender.
Why are divorces so expensive? Because they're worth it.
Wish our neighbors would splurge on quieter hookers.
When a girl says, ""I think we should talk" it's never about the Bat Mobile.
I need to thank the guy who honked while waiting for my parking spot for inspiring me to stay & write my memoirs in this Target parking lot.
I tried to eat soup with a fork. It was a strain.
Me: Every beautiful girl has an ugly friend Girl: That's why my friend is ugly Me: I see. You are just a pair of ugly girls
Tonight's parenting lesson: If a 2-year-old says, ""I'm going to puke" FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DON'T CALL HER BLUFF. I need a shower.
How do you get your hair into shape? You condition it
What is a composer's favorite vegetable? Bach choy.
If the dove is the bird of peace... ...what is the bird of true love? The swallow.
[racist] What form of humor is nonexistent in black culture? Dad jokes
After a shortcut through the ghetto, I see what the hood rats like to drive... Housing prices down.
I was recently diagnosed with color-blindness. It came out of the green.
Facebook tells me those vans are dangerous, but Twitter says they have candy. So conflicted.
Yeah, cigarettes make you cool but they also take years off your life. Those are just two benefits.
Water is the most precious drink Because without it we can't make coffee
An accountant at a bank was constipated Apparently he couldn't budget, but he worked it out with a pencil and paper and it was all good.
If the whole world smoked a joint at the same time, There would be world peace for at least two hours.
What's the difference between three cocks and a joke? Your mom can't take a joke.
When it's cold out I wear my UGG boots. When it's frustrating out I wear my UGH boots.
What do you call it when Charlie Sheen's brother has sex with him? Emilio Incestevez
Damn girl you must have been out in the sun all day. Because you appealin'
my plan for the day is to lay on the floor and not move
You can only regret what you remember. -Tequila
You know why you can't play Uno with Mexicans? They steal all the green cards!
I planned on watching the super bowl tomorrow, but... My inflatable couch doesn't have enough air in it.
I wonder who I'll be racist against when I'm elderly. I hope it's robots!!
My dad never loved me as a child. I can't blame him really. I wasn't born until he was an adult.
What's the difference between a Harley Davidson and a vacuum cleaner? Placement of the dirt bag.
Two peanuts are walking down the street. One was... ...raped and sodomized.
I was watching tv with my mom & she was amazed a blind guy didn't care his son was missing & I was like outta sight outta mind am I right
My complete lack of knowledge about Greek mythology has always been my achilles elbow. thanks, Mike!
Mexican jokes and black jokes are pretty much the same. Once you heard Jaun, you've heard Jamal.
Justin Bieber and Ke$ha has sex and gave birth to Rebecca Black.
When you wish upon a star ... you're actually a few million years late, according to astronomy.  The star is dead. Just like your dreams.
""Keep bullying the gay kids!"" -Nerds
Why did the man quit working at the cemetery? It was hard to make a living.
Hey girl, heard you really like pandas *Seductively eats bamboo*
What do vegetarian zombies eat? GRAAAIIIINS
All of the Apple fanboys are missing the main feature they can hold over android users Their nude pictures are automatically synced to 4chan and reddit.
I get 9"" in bed every night. That's how much mattress is left for me once the dogs get comfortable.
#rudolph > .nose { background: red
[drunk w/ 2 kittens at a bar] give me another ""haven't u had enough?"" i'll tell u when i've had enough! *bartender hands me another kitten*
Kid: Dad, a girl called me ugly, how long does ugly last.. Dad:Hey hun Mom:Yes? Dad: How old are you? Mom: 45 Dad:theres your answer kid
Q: What's the definition of a teenager? A: God's punishment for enjoying sex.
I like my women how I like my whiskey....... Age 12 and all mixed up in coke.
So I am a poet and a novelist challenges me to a fight... So I say ""Come at me, prose""
Why does Santa Claus only have seven  reindeer? Because Prancer moved in with a hairdresser in Beverly Hills.
What do you call a bulletproof Irishman? Rick O'Shea
Why did the excluded tree grow? To be long.
When I'm driving I listen to the country station because it makes me want to get to my destination faster.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Ferrari? With a porcupine, the prick is on the outside.
I met a girl the other night. She really had something... I think it was AIDS.
Did you hear they're going to print the Daily Mail on A1 sheets? It's pretty big news.
Mountains are funny. They're hill areas.
Today I had a mild panic attack over the fact I will die someday. Then I bought some shit on Amazon. Your mom is a hermaphrodite.
Our forefathers fought against British rule so anyone can become president. For the first time in 240 years, we're regretting that decision.
What can you say about lots of protected sex? It is a common misconception
I'm in a serious relationship with my WIFI... You might say we have a connection.
There's safety in numbers. Unless there's 6,000,000 of you. And you're all Jews.
It would be nice to spend billions on schools and roads, but right now that money is desperately needed for political ads.
The people you lose sleep over don't lose sleep over you. So, help out and drunk dial them at 3AM....
I started a book club. A coloring book club. There's a line to get in. We're never on the same page. Nothing's black & white. We're well red
I used to be indecisive. But now I'm not so sure.
oooh pretty wing tattoos on your back, do they symbolize how you have no idea how big wings need to be to carry your weight
I saw a sign that said ""hiring carpenters"" My brother said ""let's be honest, that should say 'hiring Mexicans.'""
My wife told me she ""likes it rough."" So I replaced the toilet paper roll with a sandpaper roll. -how guys understand women
""How many people here believe in ghosts?""
What do you call homosexual Israelites? Fruit Jews
Day two of the Insanity Workout. Half hour of talking to a lamp. Half hour of eating mulch. Fifty YouTube comments.
Why does an elephant wear sneakers ? So that he can sneak up on mice !
Don't ever ask a burrito if you should eat it, it will always say no, because burritos are really smart.
A blonde goes into a bank... ...to withdraw some money. The clerk asks her: ""Could you please indentify yourself?"" The blonde pulls out a mirror from her bag, looks into it and says: ""Yes, it is me.""
My favorite poem Roses are red Violets are blue I hope I don't Impregnate you
Q: Why are blondes hurt by people's words? A: Because people keep hitting them with dictionaries.
How do remove a bunch of drunk Canadians from the pool? You ask them to leave.
Before seeing why your toddler has been quiet for 10 mins it's best to first call the plumber and write your apology letter to the landlord.
Saw a hitchhiker holding a sign Anywhere But Here' So I swerved, hit him. Now he's in a ditch. Hope that's ok, he wasn't really specific.
I only put one eye on my snowman. That way, if it ever comes to life, the lack of depth perception will give me a tactical advantage.
I can't turn my head very far in either direction It's a pain in the neck! My mom made that up.
What's the difference between my ex and the titanic? The titanic only went down on 1,000 people!
Why did Mr. Pibb go see Dr. Pepper at Rehab? Because he was addicted to Coke.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A ripoff.
*whispers seductively in your ear* ""...look at that last slice of pizza and you're dead to me...""
#ExplainAFilmPlotBadly A raccoon and a tree commit multiple felonies
How did cell embarrass vegeta? He put a hole in his trunks.
There are only 10 bad people in the world.. And i get Christmas cards from 9 of them.
1915-17 may have been the worst years in human history for food poisoning. 1.5 million Armenians died from bad turkey.
What did one hat say to the other? ""You stay here, I'll go on ahead....""
Samuel L Jackson got into an argument with an Ethiopian... I heard him screaming ""Food, motherfucker! Do you eat it?""
My dick is like Amazon Prime... It comes fast :(
My friend Roy made up this joke, so goddamn proud Why did the beer get bottled? He was trying to dodge the draft.
My favorite sitcom episode is the one where there's a huge misunderstanding.
I lost my only son today. Ha! Talk about a bad heir day.
I asked my wife what she wanted for Christmas. She told me ""Nothing would make her happier than a diamond necklace"" So I bought her nothing.
What's the difference between an entomologist and an etymologist? An etymologist knows.
What do you called being pepper sprayed at UC Davis? Occupational hazard.
I Like my slaves like I like my coffee: Free
Hey people, I've invented a new word. Plagiarism.
When I'm dead, these tweets will be worth twice as much.
What do you give a sick pig? Oinkment!
Granny always said, 'If in doubt, check it out.' My addition: 'If the answer gets your goat, punch 'em in the throat.'
What's it called when it's 9:20am and you can't wait for dinner? Oh, it's called fat. Nevermind.
""Instead of putting this away, I'll leave it right here for the next time I need it."" - Men
FBI offers to help France investigate the terrorist attacks. So far, they think North Korea is behind it.
Who would win a knife fight between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton? Everyone!
What is the hardest part about eating a vegetable? The Wheelchair
Baby seal walks into a club...
I asked a chinese girl for her number She said, ""Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!"" I said, ""Wow!"" Then her friend said, ""She means 666-3629.""
A mathematician, a college professor, and a textbook author walk into a bar. *[The punchline is left as an exercise for the reader.]*
Q: When a 16-inch viola and a 17-inch viola are dropped simultaneously from a 30-story building which one hits the pavement first? A: Who cares!
What's the worst part about working with a gamer? They're always trying to 1-Up you.
Did you hear about the one about the heart and stomach? Nevermind, it's an inside joke.
I never make mistakes... I thought I did once
So a crossfitter, an atheist, and a vegan all walk into a bar. How do I know? Because they told everyone in the place within 30 seconds.
While we are on the offensive jokes, here's mine:""What's better than fucking a 13 year old boy against a barbwire fence?"" ""Nothing""
What do you call an apology written using dots and dashes? Re-morse code
Growing up, I had lots of nicknames but my best would always be 'Officer! That's him over there'... It gave me my sprinter's physique.
Q: What do you get if you cross Tina Turner with an orang-utan? A: a f*ing ugly orang-utan
I would rather weave a suit out of my grandfather's pubic hair than ""pull an all-nighter"" with you.
I went to the doctor and he gave me 2 months to live. So I shot him. Judge gave me 30 years. So I mean who's the real winner here?
What do you call a fat joke on reddit? Banned
A got a beer for my wife... and it was the best trade I've made in a while
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.
What did the creators of Good Burger call their vegan cooking show? Quinoa and Kale
If Kung Fu Panda taught me anything, it's that obese people can be accepted...so long as they know kung fu.
I'm opening a healthy alternative all egg-white omelet breakfast joint. I really think my ""Whites Only!"" restaurant idea will be a hit!
My Girlfriend is anorexic. It's not going so well... I am seeing less and less of her everyday.
What's the difference between me and an egg? Eggs get laid.
I always bring an extra pair of socks when I go golfing... ..Just in case I get a hole in one.
My cat and I have lots in common like how we both cry when we're hungry and both put our ass in the air when it's being rubbed.
When I went away for a lengthy business trip my wife and kids threw a big party... According to the email.
You gotta know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em, know when to walk away and know when to run - ORIGAMI not for everyone !
Married with Children was much funnier on TV.
You know, I never understood why calling someone a pussy was an insult. I mean, you are what you eat.
What do you call someone who always tells shitty jokes? Fecetious.
my girlfriends dad asked me what I do but apparently your daughter wasn't the answer
What does the funeral director say to the 11am service goers? Mournin'
What does Ryan Seacrest say while having sex? ""Seacrest out!"" ""Seacrest in!"" ""Seacrest out!"" ""Seacrest in!""
What did the vegetable say to the dj? lettuce turnip the beet
What do you call a fellow who is over 21 and makes bad puns? A groan man.
Mall security asked me to empty my pockets. My response was ""you won't find a better job or respect in my pockets""
Last year 52 Americans were shot by people who barely speak english, have no marketable skills, and are prone to angry outburst based on their views... ...toddlers are the worst.
It's looking like Hillary is definitely going to win the election I think I might move to Benghazi, at least she'll leave me alone there.
I hate it when I punch ghosts! http://imgur.com/lVv8D6W
My strong stance on drinking milk straight from the carton has met with no opposition from people who haven't caught me yet.
A man, his son, and their dog walk into a bar. ""Ouch!"" ""Ouch!"" ""Woof!""
Seven days without a joke makes one weak.
My Thai girlfriend says small penis is not a problem... ..but I still think she should not have it.
I have sex almost every day! Almost on Monday, almost on Tuesday, almost on Wednesday...
What's orange and sounds like a Parrot? A Carrot
Why did the girls fall off the swing? Someone threw a fridge at her. It's not supposed to make sense
How many porn stars does it take to turn change a fuse? It's too hard to tell. They keep blowing it.
What's Santa's favorite snack? A crisp Pringle
*rips finished page from adult coloring book* *puts it on daughter's toy kitchen fridge*
What did Batman say to Robin before they got into the Batmobile? ""Robin, get into the Batmobile...""
Why does Trump want to build a great wall? China has one and they don't have many Mexicans
Wife Wanted A man inserted an advertisement in the classified section of the newspaper: ""Wife Wanted."" The next day he received a hundred letters. They all said the same thing: ""You can have mine.""
[spelling bee] -your word is 'amnesia' -can you use it a sentence, please? -your word is 'amnesia'
They hired another Russian guy at my work He seems to think everything that Ukrainian guy tells him is so obvious.
In INTERSTELLAR, why does Tom's voice get higher when he's older? Answer: thedust
How did Frankenstein's monster eat his lunch? He bolted it down.
My neighbours are very loud when they have sex. And that's bad for my insomnia. Last night I was so fed up I had to scream their safety word.
*girl rests her head on my shoulder* -Are you flexing? -No
What's the difference between a piano,tuna and glue. You can tune a piano. You cant piano a tuna.
Me (to 7): Son, we... Wife (in earpiece): have to talk M: Have to talk W: about girls M: About grills W: NO M: NO W: IDIOT M: IDIOT
""DADDY!?!"" (toddler calling out) Me: ""Daddy's upstairs but can I help you with something?"" ""Yes. You can go get Daddy.""
Two ninjas were having an argument Two ninjas were arguing over which one was the better ninja. The first says, ""Man, you can't even throw a ninja star."" The second ninja says, ""Shuriken.""
I'm not drunk. I'm a gravity inspector... ...and everything seems to be in order here. *falls down/passes out*
Thanks to ringtones, I now associate all my favorite songs with the annoyance and dread of being interrupted and having to talk to somebody.
First the found ice on Mars and then they found water, now they just need to find whiskey to prove that 'Men are from Mars'.
Why do women have trouble peeing in the morning? You ever tried to open a grilled cheese sandwich?
If your uncle Jack is stuck on the roof and needs help. Do you help your uncle Jack off?
Who will take the second shot in this snooker game? Find out after the break.
Went on blind date, woke up in bathtub with kidney gone. 6 out of 10, would date again.
Either a lying war criminal endorsed by the KKK or a Neo Nazi reality TV star are going to be President of America. It's not funny. But it is a fucking joke. America, sort your shit out.
Chuck Norris doesn't own a can opener, he just chews through the can.
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December, Cucumber...
Why doesn't Moses buy beer? He brews it.
Where did Ronda Rousey learn how to take a punch? Holm School
Neil Armstrong used to tell really bad jokes about walking on the Moon. Nobody would laugh, but then immediately after Neil would follow up with, ""Ah well, I guess you had to be there.""
God grant me the patience to accept the people whose outfits I cannot change.
Mother nature needs to learn how to keep it in her plants Said everyone with allergies
What's the difference between snowmen and snow women? Snow balls!
Bad news A doctor says to his patient: 'I'm afraid I've got bad news for you. You've got cancer and Alzheimer's disease'. The patient responds: 'Well, at least I don't have cancer'.
Why are the cops shooting so many black men? There's plenty of Mexicans to shoot too. Yeah I'm going to hell for that one.
What fungus always gets its ass beat? shittalking mushrooms
""Grandpa, are you sure you want to order crazy beef with ghost chilis?"" ""It'll Szechuan fire.""
Alcohol doesn't get people drunk, people get people drunk. Drunk people get other drunk people extra drunk. People drunk people drunk people
""I"" before ""e"" except after ""Old MacDonald had a farm""
[Me as an Italian language translator] Police: Ask him where the money is hidden. Me: Spaghetti tortellini Benghazi Fibonacci cappuccino.
what do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off
Do they have a pregnancy test for immaculate conceptions?
What do you call a black woman whose had 7 abortions? A crime fighter.
When my mum was in labour.... When my mum was in labour, my head got stuck in her fanny and the midwife had to pull me out. That's how excited I was to see my little brother.
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
The police arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. The police charged one and let the other one off.
BOVINE HIJINX Q
Why were men given larger brains than dogs? So they wouldn't hump women's legs at cocktail parties.
The best kiss of my life was with a vacuum cleaner... ... it took my breath away.
Star wars dad joke heard tonight Dad ""Chewbacca seems kinda big for an ewok..."" Me ""he's a wookie. "" Dad ""he can't be, he's been in lots of movies now.""
How you can see if a blonde is telling bullshit? Her lips are moving.
What has 12 hands, 12 legs, and 12 eyes? 12 pirates.
What do you call a big white bear with a hole in his middle ? A polo bear !
What do exchange students and porn addicts have in common? They both study abroad.
I thought a Vasectomy would keep my wife from getting pregnant... ...but apparently it just changes the color of the baby.
What is Donald Trump most afraid of? That people will figure out he is a low energy, stupid, horse-fucking, cum-eating, rim-job giving fuckhead!!!
[The Beatles writing Here Comes The Sun] Paul: so what should come after here comes the sun? [Ringo screams from bathroom]: Doo Doo, Doo Doo
I'm fairly tall so folks are always asking me ""Do you play basketball?"" My standard reply: ""No, do you play miniature golf?""
How many bricks do you need to screw in a lightbulb? Just two, but you're going to need a lot of patience and light bulbs.
clutches my newly bought loaf of bread nervously as i walk past the duck pond
If you're American when you go into the bathroom... ...and you're American when you come out of the bathroom, what are you when you're in the bathroom? European
Why couldn't the police solve the case of the flat car battery? They had no leads.
Did you hear about the skunk who  sat on a fan? He got cut off without a scent!
Interviewer: ""What's your greatest weakness?"" Candidate: ""Honesty."" Interviewer: ""I don't think honesty is a weakness."" Candidate: ""I don't give a fuck what you think.""
Ricky Martin should have waited until Saturday so he could come out the same day as the iPad. Maybe that's what Tom Cruise is waiting for?
It's the same old story
Why did Heisenberg have a miserable sex life? Because when he found the correct position, he didn't have the momentum, and when he finally found the time, he didn't have the energy.
""do you answer the phone while having sex"" a woman asks her friend. The friend says ""only if its my husband calling me..he's my husband after all"".
Why did the Redneck cross the road? Because he couldn't get his dick out of the chicken.
I don't always start a joke without finishing it, but when I d
Press control, alt, and down arrow key. it's fun.
I bought my girlfriend a treadmill and a Victoria's Secret catalogue.
How do Mexicans keep their food warm? Chicken Fajitas.
What's the strongest color? Super Cyan
I like to cry sometimes so people think I know how to chop onions.
*sits son down for the talk* You ready? ""Yeah"" Ok. When a man and a woman love each other- *pulls out Pokeball* -they throw this at a baby
Chuck Norris does not eat honey, he eats bees.
Some people say i'm conflicted... I'm not so sure.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball? Gmmmppphh
why do they call them light bulbs? they don't weigh very much
""IS A DOLPHIN WHAT?!"" - Hitler's wife answering the phone
Indoor trash bin that keeps getting taller until someone finally decides to take it out.
This girl text me: ""your adorable I text back: no YOU'RE adorable Now she likes me and I was just pointing out her typo...
I went to the library and asked for a book about small peni$es. The librarian said, ""I'm not sure if it's in yet."" ""Yep,  that's the one"", I said.
A Church threw a Celibacy Party. Nobody came.
You know what a satisfied woman sounds like? I didn't think so.
If by ""unload the dishwasher"" you mean take out clean utensils as I need them, then yes I unloaded the dishwasher.
Me: Check it out! I'm juggling! Wife: Me: Wife: You're supposed to use more than one ball. Me: Can't you just be happy for me?
Sometimes I draw a penis on my face before I go out so people know I'm there to fucking party.
How I fall asleep People get jealous of me because of how fast I fall asleep so I'm going to share my secret. First of all, ally you have to do is close your ey...
What is a proctologist's drink of choice? Two fingers of whiskey.
Scientists are dumb. A meteor didn't kill the dinosaurs. I've been to the museum. It's obvious they starved to death.
Do you know what the difference is between patronising and condescending? Condescending is where you talk down to someone. Don't you worry your pretty little head about it though.
What's the most annoying joke in the world?
I'm not heartless, I've just learned how to use my heart less...
How many dads does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to put it in and one to complain that he never screws anything anymore.
Are you a geologist? You can analyse my rocks anytime 
Why don't bats sleep outside? You ever deal with a sunburned asshole?
Here's a new mythological creature for the consideration pile. Taurustaur. Half man, half reliable family sedan.
What Type of Fruit Wants to Run Away and Get Married but Isn't Able to? Cantelope.
Nothing stops me in my tracks faster than a five year old saying, ""I got you a present!""
What's the only thing that could have saved George Michael? A whambulance
Sometimes I stop suddenly when I have sex with my girlfriend. She asks, ""Why did you stop?"" I reply, ""Oh, it's something I learned in porn. It's called buffering.""
Where's the best place to do a mannequin challenge? In a morgue.
Sometimes I think I am a bad mother because I don't like wine.
Of all the things Dave misses his Mother-in-laws virginity the most.
I'm going to a birthday party in Charlotte tomorrow... Hopefully the looting isn't over because I forgot to buy a present.
[interview] ""I'm not sure your experience is sufficient for this position."" me: Trump is president ""Touche, you're hired""
Wife: [watching the news] oh God, did you see Petsmart got robbed?! Me: [loud barks coming from all 19 pockets of my parachute pants] nope
Which painter always had a very bad cold?  Vincent Van Cough
What's the difference between Indians and Pakistanis? When a Pakistani has a red dot on his forehead it means he has about two seconds to live.
What do you call two homeless people hitting each other with garbage bags? A Pillow Fight
Had some mushrooms this morning. Breakfast of Champignons.
What do you call a dragon that eats 100 Viagra and washes it down with gasoline? Burnt dick
A Family Walks Into A Hotel... The Father walks up to the front desk and says ""I hope the porn is disabled"" The man at the desk replies ""no, it's just regular porn you sick cunt""
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy
When I was 15 my dad bought me my first pack of condoms When they expired 5 years later he bought me my second.
If television has taught me anything, it's that I can totally outrun an explosion.
I was sitting on the toilet, constipated... The undropped turd asked me, ""Man, what did you eat?!"" ""A pound of cheese" I said. The turd said, ""You're shittin' me."" I said, ""I shit you not.""
Why did God invent shopping carts? To teach women how to walk on their hind legs.
Seriously...if you need a sign to remind you to wash your hands after taking a shit or piss. Stay home
This morning I combed my son's hair sideways and to the front then yelled ""you just got Bieber'd!"" He's not talking to me.
A spider just fell from the ceiling and landed right in front of me and now I have to explain why a woman was screaming in my cubicle.
What do you call the person that cleans the Mafia's hotel rooms? A maid man.
The first sign I wasn't going to be a doctor is when I called Anatomy ""Skeleton Class."" Sign two was failing skeleton class.
If we replace all ""Chuck Norris"" jokes with Kim Jung Un.... We could write the North Korean Official Website.
whats the difference between 3 dicks and a joke? Your mum cant take a joke
What do you call a black man flying an airplane? Pilot.
What did the drunker muslim say to the drunk muslim? I'm Mohammad than you
My favorite sex position is the JFK I splatter all over her while she tries to get out of the car.
Being an adult is like being a Quentin Tarantino movie: it starts out real cool, there's lots of cursing, it's very confusing, everyone dies
At first I didn't like having a beard, but it grew on me.
What do you call a magic dog? A Labracadabrador!
Use chemicals to wipe polish and no one bats an eye.. But use chemicals to wipe the Polish and everybody starts to lose their shit.
Two fish were in a tank... ...one turns to another and says ""any idea how to drive this thing?""
TIM: how are you? ME: it's Monday TIM: yeah ME: the sun is up TIM: are u just listing facts? ME: lettuce is a member of the sunflower family
Answer : Mrs.Claus Question : Who was the only person in history that was unhappy when Santa came early?
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get some chicks. (nephew made this joke, he's 5 years old :o)
Where does Crazy Horse live? In an unstable.
I made half a cup of tea the other day... It was so nice I had two.
*dinosaur at zoo roars at me* ""ROAR"" whoa wat kimd of dinosaur is this ""GROWL"" hmm ""SHOUT"" hmmm ""YELL"" hmmmmm ""HOLLER"" oh its a thesaurus
Soccer player calls his wife after a game... Player: ""I scored two goals!!"" Wife: ""Great! What was the end scored?"" Player: ""1:1""
There's an Anti-Parallelogram Party tonight. Be there, or be square.
Little Known Fact: Bon Jovi has five brothers: Bon Joi, Bon Joii, Bon Joiii, Bon Joiv and Bon Jov
Did you hear Elon Musk just started a new breakfast foods company? What else can you expect from a cereal entrepreneur!
[hospital] ""The results are in. I'm afraid you have Bad Priorities Disease. You have 1 month to live."" But does my hair look good?
yeah, we r a non-traditional family. instead of naming our dog, we let him name us. I'm Woof, this is my husband Woof, & these r Woof & Woof
Where does Fred Weasley shop? Forever 21.
You know what's a job I could really see myself doing? Mirror inspector.
Our doctor told us that vaginal delivery is definitely an option.. But when the hooker arrived at our place the next day, my wife was *not* pleased.
What's at the centre of No Man's Sky universe? A refund. credit to /u/xROSSTHEHOSSx (saw it on another post as comment, thought it deserved own post)
My son block me on Facebook I could have used protection and block him from birth.
Raising children takes a village, preferably one with many vineyards.
If I see someone trying to seize the day, I'll step in and try to save the day.
Something good is coming my way I can feel it. Nothing life changing, probably just a hotdog God please let it be a hotdog
So evidently the kid who stabbed all the people at his highschool today was always told he would be famous. He felt like today was the day to take a stab at it.
Women are like Fruits. Every Woman has her own unique taste and color. But The problem is the Men. They seem to love Fruit salad..!!
Two deer walk out of a gay bar... One of them turns to the other and says ""I can't believe I blew thirty bucks in there""
I like to steal pictures of people's breakfast and post them again I guess you could say I'm a cereal reposter
Why do men fart more than women? Because women won't shut up long enough to build up the pressure.
water Water Teacher: What is the formula for water? Student: H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O Teacher: That's not what I taught you. Student: But you said the formula for water was...H to O. l
She texted me, ""your adorable."" I replied, ""No, YOU'RE adorable."" Now she's stalking me and all I did was point out her typo.
How do people lose their kids at the mall? Seriously, any tips would be greatly appreciated.
One of my favorite high expectation Asian jokes You masturbate? Why you no doctorbate?
If someone says ""I will do anything for you"" lean in really close and say ""There's a body in my basement and I can't eat it all by myself.""
Kanye West compared his relationship with Kim Kardashian to Romeo and Juliet. So we won't have to deal with them too much longer, you guys.
Here's another pizza delivery joke Actually, you'll get it in 30-45 minutes.
Ambulances are the original Transformers because sometimes they transform mid-ride into hearses
What do a cannibal's dinner and a christmas treat have in common? They're both a pan o' Tony.
I like to imagine the person who originated Head & Shoulders shampoo had really, really hairy shoulders.
My dream is to be a security guard on Maury. I'd whisper ""you look like a Volkswagen Beetle with eyes."" When the women were crying backstage
Honestly Officer, I do have a few ideas as to why I'd get pulled over, but I'm kind of afraid to tell you. Let's both say it on 1-2-3, ok?
Woman at dentist
Waiter there is a spider drowning in my soup ! It hardly looks deep enough to drown in sir !
How can a person travel from the north pole to the south pole without passing the equator? By becoming a stripper.
M R ducks. M R not ducks. O S A R, C D E D B D wings? L I B, M R ducks.
Well, Lester Holt definitely lost that debate.
You ever make fun of someone so much, you think you should thank them for all the good times you've had?
Two Irish couples decided to swap partners for the night. After 3 hours of amazing sex, Paddy says ""I wonder how the girls are getting on""
Q: Why did Bill Clinton cross the road? A: To tax the chicken.
The word ""nothing"" is a palindrome. ""Nothing"" reversed is ""Gnihton"". Which also means nothing.
I'd tell you a cow joke... But it would be UTTERly horrible.
Why are men faster than women? Ball bearings and stick shift.
When I die My only wish is that I die in my sleep like my grandfather, not screaming and yelling for help like the passengers in his car.
What's the hottest hotel in Vegas? The Cosmopolitan
nothing says FUCK YOU like a restaurant giving you one napkin with your takeout order
What was the dentist's horrific gastronomical invention? Tartar sauce.
Here's the joke: I'm bad at insinuating. A*hem*, I **said** I'm bad at insinuating!
The girl at the table next to me is having a salad. Not as a starter, but as a main course like some kind of rabbit.
A person has to have a warm heart and a cold beer.
I never understood movie scenes where they have to train assassins. just drop me in some hot climate, don't feed me and I'll kill everyone.
I need advice. I was whipping someone in a gimp mask during a BDSM session, but when he took it off - it wasn't my husband. Whoops, wrong sub.
I try to tell good jokes... ...but I always punch up the fuck line.
me: [comes running down the stairs with a baseball glove] robber: why are u wearing a glove me: I meant to grab my bat lol robber: lol
Samantha from Facebook wants everyone to know she & her family are going on a cruise next week just in case you want to break into her house
I got my Bank Balance back today. It was a picture of a priest. I put it on a spitroast, so at least now I can say I'm turning a prophet.
If 9/11 happened in Vegas, no one would have ever known due to that silly motto.
I really don't have much of an opinion on alcoholic beverages during the holidays... You could say I'm pretty eggnogstic.
I was at the ATM when an old lady came up to me and asked to check her balance... So I pushed her over.
I own box sets of both the Star Wars and Star Trek franchises in case you were wondering if virginity can grow back.
I bet my road rage would be taken more seriously if I spoke German.
If I'm ever on life support, I want you to pull up he plug... Then wait 10 seconds and plug it back in, maybe that'll work.
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11? It's easy to make the same joke about 9/11.
Which American state is not great, but not bad either? OK.
I like to put my passengers as ease by pointing out where all the airbags are. Ending the safety message with ""Just in case I crash again""
I lost all my Pokemon cards in a house fire I only have Ash now.
Jokes on you redditor If you are reading this... you proved it.
I got my born-again mother an FML shirt for Christmas. Telling her it means Father, My Lord.
I've just invented a perfume made from holy water Eau my God
I left my job today. I couldn't work for that man anymore after what he said to me... ""You're fired!""
I've learned a lot about kids while working at Menard's. Namely don't bring you fucking kid to Menard's.
Did you know that dogs can't get MRI's? only cat's can
What do you call a baby panther? a Newton.
- What do you think about the coming battle  General? - God knows it will be lost. - Then why should we go for it? - To find out who is the loser.
sorry I cut you off mid-sentence so I could sprint after an ice cream truck
Hey! Wanna hear my Ebola joke? Nah, nevermind. You won't get it.
A duck walks into a bar and says ""Get me some chapstick, and put it on my bill!""
A boy at a cinema notices what looks  like a bear sitting next to him ""Are you a bear?"" ""Yes"" ""What are you doing at the movies ?"" ""Well I liked the book!""
What's the difference between an ""Ooh"" and an ""Aah""? About 5 inches.
What do you call a Mexican who can't find his car? Carlos
Do you know any sodium jokes? Na.
A woman once told me to look at the world through her eyes. So I looked out the kitchen window.
I was playing 'would you rather', and asked my girlfriend if she'd rather be a goat or a cow for the rest of her life. She asked me which one I'd rather fuck.
I remember a time when I was much younger and had an infinite supply of drugs and booze. Then some c**ksucker cut the umbilical cord.
Mickey and Minnie go to get divorced... When the judge asks for the reason, Mickey: ""Because my wife is fucking goofy."" Judge: ""You mean she's crazy?"" Mickey: ""No, she's just fucking goofy!""
If Justin Beiber and Rebecca Black were both drowning and you could only save one, would you grab a bite to eat or finish mowing the lawn?
A little boy came running into the kitchen. ""Dad dad"" he said ""there's a monster at the door with a really ugly face."" ""Tell him you've already got one"" said his father.
The Water Fight Just had a water fight over the park with a bunch of local kids. I won! No one's a match for me and my kettle.
You should really take it easy on pedophiles... they have a hard enough time fitting in.
Thanks to School, I Now Eat Two Meals a Day... ... breakfast and dinner at home.
What did one flea say to the other after a night out ? Shall we walk home or take a dog ?
Why did the hipster complain about winter in July? He wanted to do it before it was cool.
Did you ever hear about the guy who got both his left arm and left leg chewed off by bears? Yeah I saw him a few weeks ago, he's all right
100 people get the Swine Flu and everybody wants to wear a mask. ... 100 people get the Swine Flu and everybody wants to wear a mask. A million people have AIDS and no one wants to wear a condom!
What's Harry Potter's favorite way of getting down a hill? Walking JK, Rolling.
Where do Satanic cults get their candles from? Bloodbath &amp
Want to hear a joke about Hillary Clinton's emails? [deleted]
""Have you senor self in a mirror lately?"" -Mexicintervention
*hands you a marijuana* ""This one's called Air Bud. It'll make you play basketball. Also it might turn you into a golden retriever.""
Why doesn't God want to argue with Satan? Because Satan has more politicians to help him.
There's a gang in my neighborhood that recruits members by threatening them with all sorts of horrible punishments and tortures if they don't join .. but enough about the Church ..
Boyfriend: you want to go see the new Star Wars? Me: I LOVE STAR WARS BF: which was your fav Me: duh, Sorcerer's Stone
How is Reddit like fencing? Ripostes everywhere.
I could have sworn I heard a chorus of a thousand tiny voices rising up from the shower drain to wish me a Happy Fathers Day.
Trump hates saying ""yes"" to Mexicans so much We may as well call him the ""Not Si"" President
Its good to die like my grandfather, painlessly in his sleep. Its bad to die in a terrible accident, like the passengers on his bus.
Two television sets got married. The wedding was boring, but the reception wasbeautiful.
How do skeletons kiss Skeletons don't have lips, they just bone.
Jogging in place at a crosswalk makes you A) hole B) cool C) what I did there D) bag?
Adam was the original sex-positive feminist... He was ribbed for her pleasure.
Someone called me lazy today... I almost replied.
My favorite way to clean my house is to stop inviting people over so no one sees it's still dirty.
My wife has the body of a 16 year old schoolgirl... She keeps it in the fridge.
If you've seen one shopping center... you've seen the mall.
""Hi, it's me. I can't get to the phone right now, even though it's right here in my hand.""
Ever heard the joke about the airplane? Never mind, it just flew over your head.
[Request] Not sure if this is the right subreddit I am looking for some funyun jokes, it is for school.
My dog takes so long to take a dump I swear she's tweeting out there.
What did one nose say when the other nose said ""I love you""? ""Back achoo!""
If a man speaks his mind in a forest. And no woman hears him, is he still wrong?
greeks Thousands of years ago the Greeks invented sex, a few hundred years later, the French introduced it to women.
Just added Paul Walker on xbox, Shame he's always on the dashboard tho.
I was watching a TV program on various Religious orders and how the use stringed instruments. I was appalled by the amount of sects and violins!
What do you call a Chinese fanatasy series? Lord Of The Chinks
""Someone offered me grapes, but I declined . I'm not used to consuming wine in pill form.""  University of Chicago
What does a Spanish speaking ghost say when they like you? Mi Ghosta!!
I met a French tart hiking in the Alps last year. Her name was Too Loose to Trek
Last night I ate a full package of Cinncinati zoo Gosh, I must've spent hours in the bathroom.
Magician to a hot chick: I will do a magic trick on you. I will fuk you and then I will disappear.
How many Mormons do you take fishing with you? Two. If you only take one, he'll drink all your beer.
As we develop robots, we should make them out of pretzels or cotton candy that way if they become self aware we could just eat them
What's the difference between America and yoghurt? If you leave yoghurt alone for long enough it develops its own culture
What do you call it when gay men break up? A banana split
""What do we want!"" ""Hearing aids!"" ""When do we want them!"" ""Hearing aids!""
They say real women have curves. Well, then, the lady in front of me at Starbucks is a real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real woman.
What did the counselor say to the hologram? ""You're projecting."" (From Star Trek Voyager)
Was accused of animal abuse for using an electric collar but bitch kept calling it ""domestic violence""
My suggestion for Reebok's new marketing campaign: ""Nike: Just Do It
Fred: You've got a Roman nose. Harry: Like Julius Caesar? Fred: No it's roamin' all over your face.
Job Interview I was being interviewed for a new job. They asked me to use three words to describe myself. So I answered, ""lazy.""
What do you call a cow with only three legs? A wonky.
How many Latin Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? A Brazilian.
She: ""I am expecting..."" Me: ""Whoa! Congrats."" She: ""...someone at 3.""
My ex-wife still misses me... BUT HER AIM IS GETTIN' BETTER!
Why can't Helen Keller drive? She's a woman.
I had my prostate examined the other day. After it was all over, the doctor left at the same time the nurse came in, and whispered the three words no one wants to hear. Who was that?
Why do only 10% of men make it to heaven? Because if they all went, it would be Hell.
I was getting drunk with this cute girl and booze was going everywhere. Then suddenly I slipped in cider.
What's the difference between an egg and a root? You can beat an egg, but you can't beet a root!
Why can't Helen Keller drive? She's a woman!
I think marriage is probably like having a business partner. No that's not true, probably weird if your business partner takes your kids
I cut so much rug... ...that I had to open a PLPD policy on my feet.
""You're not the pizza guy."" Bin Laden's last words.
You should never get married because it can ONLY end in literally 2 ways
I booked an hotel in kenya on walking distance from the beach... You can't imagine how far those kenyans will walk. [source: philip geubels, Belgian comedian]
My sister said she wanted to have sex with me. I tried to say no, but she was incestant.
How do you wake up a loafer? With a shoe horn.
What was FDR's most famous maritime obscenity law? The Nude Eel.
Plagiarism Hey! I invented a new word: plagiarism.
How do you cook toilet paper? You brown it on one side
Why is everyone investing in Ireland? ... because the capital is always Dublin!
10 Little Monkeys Jumping on the Bed... ...One fell off and snapped his neck. Mama called the doctor and the doctor said: ""It's no use, this monkey is dead!""
Fun prank: Find a sleeping spider, crawl in its mouth and lay your eggs. Turn the tables. Give nature the finger. Live it up.
I found a new passion yesterday pairing socks. I guess I just enjoy bringing sole mates together.
What do you call a nose that can see into the future? Nostrildamus
How did Humpty Dumpty get ripped? Wall-sits.
What did the electrician say while swimming across a river? ""Oh my God, that's a lot of current!""
I don't like telling people who have Beatlemania a joke. If they don't get it, they just won't let it be.
rest of the week anyway.
How did I escape Iraq? Iran.
Do you know about the group of hipster sheep? Never mind, you haven't herd of them.
What do you call a farmer who is really good at his job? A man who is outstanding in his field.
Dating Women is like squaring Numbers If they're under 16, do it in your head
Why were the Indians here first? They had reservations
What has seven arms and can't spell? Def Leppard
What's the difference between a condom and a parachute? Well when condom fails a life comes, when parachute fails a life goes.
Sex with three people is called a threesome, and two people is a twosome Now I know why everyone calls you handsome
What type pf culture is most peaceful and never gets angry? Nomads!
This isn't a racist joke..is it? What do you call a Hispanic with a Rubber Toe? Roberto
What do you call a lesbian that turned straight A hasbien
a pastor, a rapist and a pedophile walk into a bar. he orders a drink....
What's the best way to dispose of a dead body? Was asking for a friend, but he was being a whiny shit about it, so now I'm asking for me.
Hoping there hasn't been one in a while, but blonde joke thread. How do you drown a submarine full of blondes? Knock on the door
What kind of dog suffers most from being inbred? A hot dog
What did the German air force eat for breakfast during WW2? Luftwaffles
Girl, you can call me the Pillsbury Doughboy because I got whatchu knead..
How did the octopus go to the war? Well armed...
What is it like, to be standing at the foot of an empty grave, not knowing who will one day be in it? Unbereavable.
The difference between shit and oh shit: A boy mistakenly sends a love letter to the brother's girlfriend. Shit! Girlfriend's brother happens to be lesbian. OH SHIT!!
My cousin, who's a karate expert, joined the Army. First time he saluted he nearly killed himself.
I saw a documentary about how ships are held together It was riveting
The embarrasing email Hillary Clinton doesn't want anyone to know about [deleted]
I have a phobia of circles and working But no worries I'm working around it
Why do they evacuate women and children first? You can't fix shit with all that screaming and crying. (**Yes, you can evacuate people.** Check #2 here: http://www.dictionary.com/browse/evacuate)
Do you know what the problem with toilets is? They're a pisstake.
*Pets a blob in the dark to see if its my cat* *I'm still not sure*
Whenever I'm on the phone with someone I like to scream WAIT DON'T HANG UP right as they're hanging up & then not answer when they call back
What did the Canadian think of his hardwood flooring? It was Oak, Eh!
Your life flashes before your eyes right before you die. It takes an average of 70-80 years.
How do wasps send messages? By bee-mail.
Sexism is wrong and being wrong is for women
What's cooler than being cool? Financial Stability *shoutout to /r/personalfinance*
What did the neckbeard say when he looked in the mirror? M'self
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts are a buck ninety-nine, but deer nuts are always under a buck
Dyslexic, you say? How do you spell that?
How did Harry potter get down the mountain? Running...  JK rolling
I've just read a book about stockholm syndrome. The first couple of chapters were awful, but by the end I loved it.
Why do noses run and feet smell?
Life is NOT a box of chocolates When the box of chocolates end, you get upset...
I'm coming down the home stretch of the semester... its getting tough, my work is starting to pile up faster then the rape allegations against Bill Cosmy
Two eggs boiling in a pan, one male and one female... The female egg says ""Oh my, look, I've got a crack"" ""No good telling me"" replies the male egg, ""I'm not even hard yet""
A fellow peon told me he loved kids, you can't beat them i said you can but it's generally frowned upon.
My boss just asked me why I wasn't working.. ..i told em cuz I didn't see him coming
Kids used to call me ""four eyes"" in school. I'm not sure if it was because of my nerd glasses or because I spelled my name Loriiii.
Hear about the guy that built a car out of a bank vault? He wanted to be a safe driver.
If Jared Fogle gets any rounder he may go Full Circle.
What's the difference between a woman and a gun You can put a silencer on a gun
Any bar is a karaoke bar if you're drunk enough.
The zoo only has one animal it's a shih tzu.
Have you heard that they're filming the first porno in space. They're calling it smutnik
Whats the difference between a Blonde and a Washing Machine? The Washing Machine will not follow you around for 2 weeks after you dump a load in it!
What do we want? *A cure for Tourette's!* When do we want it? *FUCK!*
What's a Tennessee tornado and a Texas divorce have in common? Someone's gonna lose a trailer.
I accidentally switched toothpaste with hemorrhoid cream... Now my sore tooth's better and my farts are minty fresh.
The baby fell on the floor at breakfast this morning. Luckily, she landed butter side up, so the five second rule still applied.
One time i asked a guy what he was majoring in and he said women's studies... I then said, why are you in women's studies? You study women all the time!
What's black and always behind bars? Guinness (You bunch of racists)
Not many people knew that Albert Einstein had a brother who was an evil scientist. His name was Frank Einstein
this is ur brain *an egg* this is drugs *a frying pan* this is ur brain on drugs *egg & frying pan wearing sunglasses*
Someone once told me my best features were my smile and personality If I don't have a mouth I'm fucked
Wanna hear a short joke? Leafy's chin
What do you call a circumcision for a dollar? A rip off!
What do you call a happy dolphin? Endorphin
How does Dwayne Johnson Party? Like a ROCK Star.
What is the difference between a thief and a church bell? One steals from the people the other peals from the steeple.
What is the date in Germany/Brasil today? 7-1. (world cup)
Lovers When I see lovers' names carved in a tree, I don't think it's sweet. I just think it's surprising how many people bring a knife on a date.
What kind of pants does Mario wear? Denim denim denim....
A guy cat calls a girl ""Hey, what's up girl?"" ""My eyes.""
The story of Kanye West Kanye West divorced his Kanye Pest, now it's just him and his kid in his Kanye Nest, Now he won't get his Kanye Rest to be his Kanye Best at the Kanye Test.
Born on February 29th of a leap year, I can't legally drink till I'm 84.
""Are you ok?"" Never heard of him
If your ringtone is my alarm sound, you can go straight to hell
Three old women are sitting on a porch. The first one says ""Oy."" The second one says ""Oy vey."" The third one says ""I thought we weren't going to talk about the children.""
What do gay men have in common with the people who persecute them? They're both fucking assholes
I've never understood why new pencils come unsharpened... Seems pretty pointless to me.
Therapist: Do u ever feel like hurting yourself Me: No T: What about other people Me:.....................................................No
What do you get if you cross a Rhinoceros, an elephant and a helicopter? HellIfIknow
What did the bun say to the hot dog? I relish the fact that you've mustard the will to ketchup to me!
How do you kill lots of Anzacs in a small amount of time? By telling them to get out of the trench
I like my steak how I like my women Tinder-ized.
Dentist: How often do you floss? Me: Daily Dentist: *Pulls fully grown centaur from between my 2nd and 3rd molars*
Have you heard about the stolen shipment of viagra? Police are looking for a gang of hardened criminals
Why is it OK for an ice company to commit fraud? Because their assets are already frozen.
I'm ""needs to go to bed early because I'm going to a concert two days from now"" years old.
Two men and one woman are in a plane crash, and they end up on a desert island. The men have sex with the woman for about a week, and one day they stop. Why? Her body was starting to smell.
But I would walk 500 miles and I would walk 500 more to be the man who walked 1000 miles to get away from you. I want a divorce.
Question: What do elephants use for tampoons? Answer: Sheep.
Advertisers think we're like ""Oh a pop-up ad is in the way of the thing I actually want to watch? I should purchase whatever it's selling!""
What do you call an elf singer? Elvish Presley
I can't think of anything worse than an over exaggerator
What you call a pre-op MtF transsexual who visits another city? A tourist trap.
I have a joke about unemployment It doesn't work though
I used to hate flying. I thought the plane would go down. But now I just bring my wife with me on the plane because my wife never goes down.
Eventually, the entire written English language will be taken over by emoticons. Teenage girls will bring us back to Egyptian hieroglyphics.
Some people say they get runner's high... I just get runner's OH GOD MY CHEST IS COLLAPSING I FEEL LIKE DEATH
Pilot [on intercom]: You guys want to see a dead body?
Boss: Are you high? Me: You and I both know that I don't make enough money to have a drug habit.
One night I dreamt that I was a muffler... I woke up exhausted.
i am practicing how to die in photogenic positions
Doc: This pill may cause: Heart attack, stroke, minor weight gain, and death Me: WOAH BACK UP, weight gain? I'm out.
Friend 1: I was promoted. Friend 2: I got engaged. Friend 3: My wife is pregnant again. Me: One of my selfies almost got 50 likes.
How did the constipated mathematician solve his problem? With a pencil...
I like my men like I like my coffee. Ground up and in the freezer
Why are white people the scariest in prison? Because you know they're guilty.
What's the difference between a politician and a flying pig? The letter F.
As a parent, the only warm meal I get around here is ice cream.
I think a ladies pubic hair should be called... A muffstache.
Me: I have a date tonight. Friend: A guy coming over to install cable isn't a date. Me: *frowns* But I got a cheese platter....
Did you hear why the Quartz is divorcing her husband? She says he took her for Granite
Me: Better late than never! Wife: ... M: Seeing red? W: ... M: Go with the flow! W: ... M: I'll go buy tampons. W: NOW, MISTER FUNNY MAN.
My friend asked me if I was ready to go to the nudist colony. I was born ready.
What did the German Footballer name his pet? Schweinsteiger.
""Why does the Mexican Olympic Team suck?"" ""Because anyone who can run, jump or swim is already here, raping and killing Americans"" -Donald Trump
What's the difference between your mom and 3 dicks? Your mom can't take a joke.
When I see stars I think of you Because you're only beautiful from a distance
The idea that someone would be upset NOT to be invited to a wedding is so confusing to me.
I don't worry about terrorism. I was married for two years.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? The fact that you think that it's not society, but the light bulb that should change is problematic.
I created a robot that serves me pumpkin spice lattes... Naturally, I coded in BASIC
I like telling science puns... Just to see the reaction...
Why would a monster be big, green and scaly?. Cuz if he were small, white and smooth hed be a Tic Tac.
My son told me all females have nice butts in yoga pants, so I took him to Walmart so he could see the error of his thoughts.
What's a trees favorite drink? Root beer
Save your money ...you never know when your friends will need it.
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just two, but they'd have to be really small.
I always eat tacos over a tortilla, so when stuff falls out BOOM extra taco
""Two birds with one stone, how about all the birds"" God thinks, hurling an asteroid toward Earth
Little-known fact: Jesus baked a perfect and delicious cake for the Last Supper. It is referred to as the Immaculate Confection.
Me: Do you want a burger or a hot dog? Her: Neither. I'm vegan. Me: Feel free to eat as much grass as you want.
I know a guy who has one eye bigger than the other His hame is Iain
What's red and white and screams when you shake it? A skinned baby in a bag of salt.
What's the difference between a drunk Morse code operator and a lesbian? One's a lit clicker and the other is a clit licker.
How do you identify a bald eagle? All his feathers are combed over to one side.
My gf told me that I punched her in the face while I was sleeping last night. I apologized because I totally remember being awake for that.
To this day, no song pumps me up as much as the theme from 'Bill Nye the Science Guy.'
*hits on a guy* He's bleeding. I think I'm doing this wrong.
I refer to ""porno"" movies as ""regular"" movies not ""adult"" movies. And I refer to non-porno movies as ""Christian kids"" films.
Pet peeve. Toilets that flush 4 me the moment I stand. I'd like to see the work I've done before it's violently ripped from my view. #life
I have a really bad phobia of speed bumps... But I'm slowly getting over it
Nothing seems longer than the few seconds spent trying to shut off unwanted background music that starts playing on a website.
Why don't the blind bungee jump? Because it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
One of my hooter's girlfriends died yesterday... May she breast in peace :'(
What does a cat say when you tread on its tail? ME-OW! I am very sorry. Just thought of it and felt like everyone should hear it. Maybe some jokes are better left untold...
What do you call a nun on a wheelchair? Virgin Mobile &amp
What Do You Call it When Printers Have a Party? A paper jam
How many Arabs does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They'll sit in the dark and blame the Jews
Why was the Dragonborn arrested in the Whiterun bakery? Dough fucking.
To avoid taking down my Christmas lights, I'm making my house into an Italian restaurant.
Hey guys, which cell phone provider drops the most calls? I need to get one for my mom.
Kraft Foods, Inc. has moved their headquarters to Tel Aviv They're changing their name to Cheeses of Nazareth.
A man is going through customs entering Australia The man behind the desk asks him ""do you have a criminal record?"" The man replies ""No, I didn't know that was still a requirement""
If Hilary Clinton is elected president, what title will they give Bill? First Lady's man (
You know what's better than being married? Everything.
What do you call Jewish coffee? Hebrew
How to kill 20 flies at once Slap an Ethiopian
Does anyone know the address of the Admin who banned Doxxing? I'd like to give them a piece of my mind.
Sex between a man and a woman can be wonderful provided you get between the right man and the right woman.
A clean house is a sign of a misspent life.
What is the most common educational degree in New Mexico? Kindergarten dropout.
Why do blondes have TGIF on their shoes? Toes go in first!
What did the German brat say to his father? You're the wurst!
Why did the kids get in trouble for eating the sausages? They were brats
Did you hear the joke about the dance? The punchline wasn't funny.
Bill Clinton is writing his memoirs.  They're called ""The Johnson Years"".
You should know, that no one understood it was an April fool's joke because no one expected you have a sense of humor.
Where can you leave your dog when you shop? The barking lot.
*accidentally walks into women's restroom* *plays it cool* *sits down* *finds comfort here* *changes name to Janice* *is alive* *is free*
*decides to workout* *lays on ground to do sit-up* *find skittle on ground* *eats it* *takes nap*
What is everyone writing songs about? John: revolution Paul: forgiveness George: true love Ringo: hmm, a submarine or maybe an octopus
Love that show where they lure loan officers into a house with mending, To Patch a Creditor.
5 year old: ""That's a big truck!"" ""It's a moving truck."" ""ALL TRUCKS MOVE."" Why am I the one that feels like an idiot?
What do you call a water gun that gets people really excited? A super stoaker
What do you call a lesbian who also doesn't eat meat? A vagetarian.
So a rabbi and a priest walk into a bar ""Ouch!"" they said
When a man talks dirty to a woman, its sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $4.95 a minute.
I went on a date with a dolphin today, we just clicked.
How do you confuse a gay person? Raccoon.
You know what really surprised me about the debate tonight? Turns out it *is* possible to have a worse moderator than the team over at /r/news!
Knock Knock Who's there ! Buddha ! Buddha who ? Buddha this slice of bread for me !
Is that a star tattoo. Saw my first porn the other day. I was a lot younger back then.
Who Found America Teacher: Maria please point to America on the map. Maria: This is it. Teacher: Well done. Now class, who found America? Class: Maria did.
Why is Hellen Keller a bad driver? Because she is dead.
Q: Why did the Polish couple decide to have only 4 children? A: They'd read in the newspaper that one out of every five babies born in the world today is Chinese.
What's the difference between a goat and a kid? My neighbour isn't unknowingly raising two of my goats.
Why do white girls group in odd numbers? because they *can't even.*
Typical Liberal media: the Chilean miners have had 69 PAID days off work with their mates & now they're ""heroes"". #GetBackToWork
The only reason a Hillary Clinton presidency would be good for our country At $0.78 cents to the dollar, she'd be a bargain for our country
My mom has a habit of replying my texts with NOTED Me:I love you Mom: NOTED Me:Rebels have come and abducted your husband Mom: NOTED
I once solved a Rubik's Cube by not buying it.
I just invested in chicken stock. It's all gravy.
Why did King Kong.... Climb the Empire State Building? ...He couldn't fit in the elevator.
Happy Valentines Day. And Merry Christmas to FTD, Hallmark and Zales.
When you are dead, you don't know you are dead. It's painful only for others. It's the same for if you are stupid.
A new study found that legalizing marijuana in Colorado has created more than 10,000 jobs...by keeping Taco Bell open 24 hours.
How many animals can jump higher than a skyscraper? All of them, skyscrapers can't jump.
Circular arguments are such a waste of time... They are just pointless
Knock, knock...
Duck Hunting Joke What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever
Lock myself in the bathroom for an hour and a half to get ready. Come out looking exactly the same, but my phone's at 9% and I have to pee.
Girl, did you fall out of heaven? Cause you're showing signs of deranged cognitive abilities in your brain highly suggestive of Post-concussion syndrome.
Don't you just hate it when you meet a hot girl, you look her up on Facebook and find there are fucking 150 + mutual friends and nobody told you about her. Thanks a lot assholes.
The only thing I've learned from scary movies is to avoid pale children
Ever notice that people who spend money on beer, cigarettes, and lottery tickets are always complaining about being broke and not feeling well?
China has largest population not because the men are extra horny nor women are extra fertile, but because their condoms are 'Made in China'.
My wife is gone for the next 3 days, so if any ladies out there want to come over & yell at me to take out the garbage & not have sex, hmu
I basically have 3 hairstyles... Straight. Wavy. Homeless.
What's the best day of the week to marry your gaming console? Wednesday
What's the best thing about AIDS? You're always positive
A black kid comes home from elementary school one day... And says, ""hey mom, I've got the biggest dick in the third grade! Is that cause I'm black?"" She says ""no Tyrone, it's cause you're nineteen""
I was offered a threesome with a Japanese guy but I turned it down, after all, you know what they say about Japanese penises... ...they're really blurry.
They tried to record the Juno Satellite launch, but their computers were outer space. Outer. Space.
What do Santa's little helpers learn in school? The Elfabet!
R.I.P. Today a man died after jumping into a waste treatment facility. The coroner ruled it a sewercide.
Well I'm not really sure why you put ""Baby: Ages 0-6"" on your resume, but more importantly, why were you a baby for so long
Jehovah's Witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't appreciate random people knocking at their doors all the time.
How do you circumsize a redneck? Kick his sister in the jaw.
Time to be creative. I'll give you the punchline, you give me the joke! A dresser without drawers.
What has no legs but stands firm?? My dick
BuzzFeed writer (innocently): hey friends. as a friendly activity, tell me your funny anecdotes. coincidentally I have an article due soon
How many stream cleaners does it take to change a lightbulb? Sorry, they can only change the floor essence.
What did Mike Tyson ask the really tired Norse god? Are you Thor?
Appalachian Dictionary Virgin: (noun) - A 12 year old girl that can run faster than her brother.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a solar powered calculator? A: The blonde works in the dark!
The comedian stopped at the fabric store on his way to a comedy gig. He was looking for new material.
A joke about elevators It was funny on so many levels
Me: I heard Oxygen and Magnesium are going out. Friend: OMg!
Is it a good idea to have multiple PhDs? To a certain degree.
What's the difference between a vegan, a crossfit instructor, and a psychological test subject? The test subject is the only one you'd willingly ask to ""tell us about yourself.""
My girlfriend just said she's leaving me because of my obsession with goats. Meh.
Officer: ""Do you know why I'm standing here?"" Me: ""You got all C's in High School?""
A Roman walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says, ""five beers, please.""
Never ask me ""Who hurt you?"" unless you want to sit through a 13 hour PowerPoint presentation.
Black jokes and Mexican jokes are all the same If you know a Juan, you know Jemalle
Who was the most active of the chinese khanes? Ginseng khan I am in a silly mood. Have a good day
You want to hear the best joke ever? Repost
How many Amish people does it take to change a lightbulb? A what?
Did you see that awesome joke on reddit? Yeah, I reddit..
My Doctor says I need to start exercising religiously. So now I hit the gym on Christmas and Easter.
BEST PICK UP LINE: I wasn't looking at your boobs, I was staring into your heart...no, I lied , your boobs are awesome.
Did you hear that Jim Carrey lost his left arm in a horrific accident? I guess that makes him all-righty then.
Shout out to girls that have a relationship with prisoners. At least they always know where their man is at.
My Local Pizza Place Just Folded Now they serve Calzones.
Somebody gets stabbed in London every 57 seconds. Poor bastard.
Having big boobs because you're fat is like having a fast car because it's falling off a cliff
What's Paul Walker's favorite energy drink??? N.O.S. too bad he can't handle the crash...
Why don't cows smoke weed? The steaks would just be too high.
Pedolibby (MEME) http://i.imgur.com/v9LKIpH.jpg
What is the difference between a used tire and a year supply of used condoms? The first one is a Goodyear and the other is a great year.
Why isn't Sean Connery an unmarried roofer? He's not a fan of the shingle life.
What idiot called it kitchen worktop manufacture and not counter productive.
Two guys are fighting, who should get the last painkiller? If it is a regular fight, give the painkiller to the loser. If it is a fight to the death, the winner gets the painkiller.
People always call me unattractive until they see my wallet... then they call me poor too.
The sign said 'Free Range Chickens'. So, I took some.
this subreddit's online users http://puu.sh/lcMkv.png i'm not sure if i'm accurate but is it possible that the current users are online users - the sub users?
What does a woman's asshole do when she has an orgasm? Usually I'm working.
Why did the boy drop his icecream? He was hit by a truck.
I'm really worried of discrimination based on skin color during the Trump regime The thing is, unfortunately, I'm not orange...
What is the highest form of flattery? A plateau
A man gets his drill and drills a hole in a wall... ..its a bit boring.
What do you call a deer without an eye? No idear.
It's rude to upstage the bride on her wedding day but that's exactly what's going to happen when I burst into flames as I enter the church.
I watched a documentary about the victims of anorexia. Maybe I would have taken them more seriously if the camera didn't add 10 pounds.
Alcoholics don't run in my family They stumble around and break things
How much cash could the cash cab cache if the cash cab could cache cab?
Am I the only one who wants to write ""Over"" at the end of my tweets? Over.
When i fart I always tell my gf that it were butterfly's that did'nt know the way to my heart.
An excaped convict fell out of a polishing machine and landed on a worker. He was struck by a smooth criminal.
Back in my day, we didn't have computers or the internet. Guys would have to walk uphill for days to tell me I'm gay.
My ex-wife was deaf. She left me for a deaf friend of hers. To be honest, I should have seen the signs.
My pizza is burnt, my beer is frozen and my girlfriend is pregnant. I can't take anything out in time.
A big shout out to my cat for hissing at an empty closet and keeping me in the bathtub holding a crucifix.
How many bones are there in a graveyard? A skeleTON.
What happens when you have sex with a cow and no one catches you? So far, nothing.
why netflix and chill? Because amazon and chill has 1 day delivery.
[At job interview] Interviewer: Do you have a police record? Me: No. But I do have a few of their albums on cassette *hires me instantly
Classic joke at my Catholic High School I went up to a man and said ""Jesus is the messiah"" He said ""No way"" I said ""Yah-weh""
Saw a guy in the gym, ahead of me on the Lat pulldown machine, wearing a David Luiz T-Shirt Needless to say, I got past him.
What do you call an Asian driveby? Cap-a-chino
Me: I wonder what the wicked witch's name is. 7: Ding Dong. Me: What? 7: The song says, Ding Dong the Witch is dead. Me: Oh. My. God. 
TRAINER: you know what they say ME: no pain! lo mein! TRAINER: it's ""no gain"" ME: (eating Chinese food) i like this better
It's all shits n' giggles... Until someone giggles and shits.
Did you hear about the guy who had sex with his car? Apparently he was pretty Exhausted.... &lt
What does an old woman have between her breasts that a young woman doesn't? A bellybutton!
Sex so good you see dead people.
[wearing a 'World's Greatest Dad' t-shirt while talking to the bartender] ""The younger one is about 8 and the older one is older than 8.""
Why are French guns the best to buy? They've never been fired, and only dropped once.
Every time the media has to report on Trump they should misspell his name and call him Mr. Turnip until he loses his mind completely
Why did the Jews hate the holocaust? Because it ""caust"" them 6 million.
Did you know that Hitler made a rap album? Straight out of Mein Kampf-ton.
What if Superman landed in Mexico instead of Kansas? He'd be an illegal alien.
If you move to a different country at least TRY to fit in with the culture. Like when I lived in Italy & changed my name to Mario Spaghetti
I've only ever met white people with gluten allergies
What STD did Forrest Gump catch? NSFW Jennytal Warts
2000s kids wont get this. Y2K
I bet the guy who invented the percent symbol, %, got his inspiration from watching his wife put on a seatbelt
All who believe in Telekinesis.... All who believe in Telekinesis raise my hand.
What do you call a friendship between punctuation? Commaraderie
My hamster died as he lived... in the microwave.
I've spent the past four years looking for my ex-girlfriend's killer, but no one will do it.
I'm thinking about going to the male pornstar tryouts... ... but I heard there's some stiff competition.
Star Wars meat joke As seen in the Death Star II cafeteria: ""For those of you finding the Wookiee steaks a bit too Chewy, try our new Ewok Chops: Guaranteed to be more on the Endor side.""
Whats the difference between a Chickpea and a Lentil? No one ever paid $50 to have a Lentil on their face.
Q: Why do ducks have big flat feet? A: To stamp out forest fires.
Do You Like Hardee's? Then you're gonna love how Hardee's nuts hit your face.
What Is A Mexican's Favorite Bookstore? Borders.
""I don't know the government, and I'm not giving them any of my coins."" - my 4yo after I explained taxes
Him: Sometimes you can be a little... loud. Me: WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT I AM A DELICATE FLOWER
Girl, are you an umbrella? Because you're never with me when I need you & I've forgotten you at a restaurant 4 or 5 times.
Consider one of the most perplexing questions of our time: Where do' solutions go when a candidate gets elected?
Deodorant? I've never needed to buy any. People just give it me. Complete strangers sometimes
Jeff is here! ""Jeff from work or Jeff the guy who announces his arrival anytime he enters a room"" Jeff is here!
Now that cell phones are becoming more and more waterproof, pretty soon it will be okay to push people into pools again...
Relationships are a lot like algebra.  Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
What did Snow White say to Pinocchio after she sat on his face? ""Lie to me, bitch!""
A man is hospitalized after a serious accident Following his surgery, he says, ""Doctor! I can't feel my legs!"" The doctor says, ""I know. I amputated your arms.""
What did the Amish IT guy say about the computer? It was a bit buggy.
Did you hear Lance Armstrong lied The ball of some people
How do you get someone to pay child support? Blackmail.
My girlfriend called me a pedophile. I said that's a big word for a nine year old.
I'm getting my wife's name tattooed on my penis So I can keep beating her long after she's gone (I'm so sorry)
What do you call a cow that's swallowed a stick of dynamite? Abominable.
Facebook: A place for liars and braggers to unite.
It's good to keep healthy. My gran started walking 10 miles a day when she was 50... ...she's 80 now, and we don't know where the hell she is.
What do you get when you cross 2 ducks and a match? Fire Quackers
In Soviet Russia... ...bar raise you!
I've never once been able to explain my car trouble to a mechanic without resorting to sound effects.
Don't steal. That's the government's job.
I like my beer like I like my violence... Domestic
Difference between power and stamina? Power is when a man can hang a wet towel over his erect penis. Stamina is to keep the penis erect till the towel dries.
They say I can take the catheter out next week. And no, I'll never piss on an electric fence again
Another off color limerick A sperm, alack and forsooth Was at it's moment of sexual truth It had hoped to fall On the womb's spongy wall But was dashed to it's death on a tooth!
My Uncle has a coal fetish. Its why he likes to bang miners.
If you don't have anything nice to say I would probably enjoy spending time with you
Why doesn't Mrs. Clean get pregnant? Because Mr. Clean comes in a bottle.
When I was young I wanted to join the basketball team... but the coach said they didn't need more basket balls
What's the point of having nice tits if you're going to cover them up? Stop being so fucking greedy and unbutton your shirt like I do.
I was going to make a joke about amplifiers but I got too much negative feedback.
Why don't Australians have sex? Because they mate. ...I'll let myself out.
A shepherd was looking for a sheep that ran away Forget it, you've already herd this one.
Why isn't there a Superpig? It's too hard for a pig to change clothes in a telephone booth.
I asked Siri to tell me a joke She turned the front-facing camera on
Sorry to text you so late but can your dog come over?
It's quite appropriate that fast food cashiers... often open with ""sorry for the weight"".
It's ridiculous that the pope has to go around surrounded by armed guards these days I know he's a priest but he's not going to do anything out in public
the best insult ever is ""who is this clown"" because 1. you're calling them a clown 2. you're saying they're not even a well known clown
What does a former terrorist playboy say to the officer interrogating him? ""Look, officer, I may be wearing a turban, and I may have a gun on me, but I ain't Bin Laiden years!""
What do you call a bug that vanishes? A non antity.
What's it called when you fry up an egg with a bunch of different ingredients? Omelette you figure it out
You can tell how single I am by the way my cat and dog wear their sombreros with quiet dignity and acceptance.
Where can you find some of the world's largest vegetables? In an American nursing home.
Get out, RUN! That DM was coming from INSIDE THE HOUSE
What is the extreme of oral sex? Licking an ostomy bag.
I feel bad for all these athletes training for the Olympics in 2016 since we're all gonna die in 2012
A friend asked me to do their hair for a rastafarian party... I'm dreading it
This is your pilot speaking. We'll be taking off shortly once our flight crew confirms that this is, in fact, an airplane
today I went for a run & a homeless guy was like WHAT ARE YOU RUNNING FROM & I was like EVERYTHING
Why was the cell phone wearing glasses? He had lost his contacts!
So in between the 4 seconds that I missed your call and managed to call ya back, you've fallen off the face of the earth??
Whats the difference between three cocks and a joke..... your mom can't take a joke
Jessica fell out of a tree and broke both her arms. Knock knock. Who's there? Not Jessica
Guys, I figured out a better way to pretend you died mid-type! All you need to do is hold dooooooooooooooooooooooo
Dates are cool when I tell them I worked in a prison for twenty five years. But man, if I forget that a'...
Yo mama so old her social security number is 1!
Why do sanitary towel adverts always feature a liquid which is blue? Are aliens their primary customers?
I got dumped by the personal trainer I was dating. When I asked why, she said we just weren't working out.
Hallucination An optical delusion.
Even if you don't pay, they'll usually let you go through a car wash at least once a day without a car.
Why don t women have men s brains? Because they don't have penises to put them in
I'm like a fat lady's flip-flop... ...under a lot of pressure
*Hears a joke about a chocolate bar* *Snickers*
I went to an anti-religion camp once It was a blasphemy
So you know how you don't dream when you smoke weed? What if MLK smoked?
New rule: You're not allowed to be condescending unless you can spell it.
If Trump or Hillary really cared about America they never would have agreed to a debate in the middle of a Monday Night Football game.
Divorce is tough on some kids. Others are just happy to be single again.
What does Hilter get when he's scared? The hebrewgeebies
One of the most effective forms of birth control is assembling furniture together as a couple.
I love breakdancing. I don't do it... Or watch it, even. I just like it because it allows be to sell cardboard to rich white kids.
Dear Grocery Bagger, Please don't put dryer sheets and bread in the same bag. My kids don't like peanut butter & Spring Meadow sandwiches.
you know what never gets old? Children who died at a young age.
Reasons I Don't Smoke Pot
WIFE: He's just so distant lately ME [skywriting]: U N T R U E
My friend did some graffiti with me He just tagged along.
What would Hitler say to his son? Look, I am your Fuhrer
I have PTSD from catching a glimpse of a co-worker's pale belly roll during a meeting.
New York, ""Darling, can I go out in this dress?"" ""Yes dear, it's already dark out.""
How is Batman different from a black man? Batman can go in a store without Robin.
What's the difference between an Anorexic girl and an escalator? The anorexic would not eat Chinese.
If you take something for granted you risk losing it. When I finally find my car keys, I'm telling them how much I love them.
Why did Hitler really commit suicide? He got his gas bill.
I love when girls say they need a man that can keep up with them... but immediately go into hysterics when I catch them.
Why do the Lannisters have such big beds? Because they pushed two twins together to make a king.
I've been eating a lot of eggs lately.. I must be on an egg roll.
What do you call an Arnold Palmer with vodka? A John Daly
Last night I asked my Asian girlfriend for 69... She made me sweet and sour pork with fried rice.
Incest results in some very strange humans. That's why my sister and I ALWAYS use a condom.
I just can't stay mad at Monday when it happens to be a day off from work.
It's so cold in south florida, I just saw an iguana kill a squirrel and use it as a scarf.
How much does a pirate earing cost? A buccaneer
My daughter asked me if I know how to do the Running Man, like my generation didn't invent it. Anyway, that's what brings me to the ER.
I love dead baby jokes ..they never grow old.
Me: I don't scare easily. Pregnant wife: All four of our daughters will be teenagers at the same time. Me: *never stops screaming*
Me: ""Dad, I wanna to go to a 50 cent concert!"" Dad: ""Well here's a dollar, take your sister too.""
I get wetter as you get dryer. What am I? A necrophiliac.
Today we our throwing one of our Asian employees a supplies birthday party. I got him a highlighter.
You should never lie through your teeth. Open your mouth and speak properly.
So I've been clearing out my attic... ... and I've decided to get rid of my hoover- it was just gathering dust.
Watched a sad porno the other day... [NSFW] It was a real tear jerker.
Why did Muhammad cross the road? You should not question the prophet's motives infidel!
Any skirt looks good on the back of the chair.
What was Hitler's favorite color to use when painting? Aryan white.
Yo mama's so fat she has titties in the front AND in the back
Don't get cute with the live version of your song. We like the one on the album.
""What goes down must come up."" -Sir Anorexic Newton
My phone just sent me an unsolicited hockey score. Aren't there Japanese horror films that start this way?
they say a friend will come over and help you move and a good friend will help you move a body I have two good friends
What do you call it when a helicopter pilot reflects on his life? HINDsight
When I'm bored late at night, I text random numbers saying: ""You should really clean under your bed, it's filthy down here. PS: I love you.""
Just heard this on a PBS kids show... What did one wolf say to the other wolf? Howls it going?
How come no one in a zombie movie has ever seen a zombie movie
If his selfie doesn't make you kegal, you're just not that into him.
Religious orders are more than just a sacrament They're a habit, too.
phd thesis: the amoumt of property damage depicted in a action movie is directley proportional to its budget
When A Man Becomes Rich He Becomes Naughty  When A Woman Becomes Naughty. She Becomes Rich
How do Australian bees please the queen bee? They bee hive
What do you call a plant that doesn't move? A tree.
My wife's an experienced navigator, she gives great headings.
I wish my penis was smaller. Then I could finally disprove the Planck length.
I don't know why everyone is hating on this mayweather it's beautiful out.
OMINOUS CHANTING *pentagram starts to glow* YES! RISE DARK LORD! RISE! *Satan tosses pillow through portal* UNGH 5 MORE MINUTES!!!
Why did Jon Snow stand in line for 6 hours at the Apple Store? For the watch
How come girls always brag about being ""reunited"" with their friends? Quit that shit. You aren't Outkast. You're just two chicks.
""It just feels so good to have a clean apartment!"" - someone who's never killed a bear with a sword
Do you know why the bike couldnt stand by itself? It was TWO TIRED!!!
""If you have any questions, just ask. My door is always open."" said the boss at my new job. ""Why do you need a door then?"" I asked him.
Where is the biggest jews concentration? In the air.
Tigers blood gave Charlie Sheen HIV
Why did the bible cross the street? To get to the other genocide.
Me: GUESS WHO BOUGHT A MEGAPHONE? Neighbour: Get out of my house! Me: You're not even guessing.
What did hitler say when he smashed his thumb with a hammer? ""Au, schwitz!""
What can both Christians and Atheists agree on about Jesus? Kanye's not him.
What do you call it when a group of ghosts rob a bank? A polterheist.
Everything is made in China. Except babies. Babies are made in vaChina.
I accidentally swallowed some food coloring the other day. The doctor said I was fine but I feel like I've dyed a little on the inside.
GF asked me last night ""Do you even know why I like cherry coke??"" ""...because it's so delicious.""
The red man lives in the red house, the blue man lives in the blue house, then who lives in the white house? The black man
Me: hope ur soccer team wins the great fork American: What Me: the good plate American: the super bowl Me: i knew it was a kitchen something
What's so unfunny that it's funny? An anti-joke.
The most effective way to torture young people is to make them watch old people use a computer
I almost got busted for shoplifting candy today... But I got out of it. I've got a couple of twix up my sleeve.
A report indicates Viagra can cause temporary hearing loss in men.  So guys, you can have sex, but you can't hear the woman talk afterwards. In a related story, Viagra sales have skyrocketed.
Did you hear about the new morning-after pill for men? It changes your blood type
My neighbor still has his christmas lights up. Not to be out done, I won't remove my politcal yard signs until November 2012.
Kids are worthless because they're short and poor.
What's white, located in washington and has a president within it? Monica Lewinsky's teeth.
I like my chairs the way I like my women Quiet and conforming to my body
It's been so long since I bought groceries, this morning I saw a cockroach move out. ""Good luck" he sighed, clutching his tiny suitcases.
I had my stag do in Amsterdam. To remember the occasion my mates got me a sweater. I'd have preferred a moaner or a screamer, however.
Why isn't there a roomba that cuts grass? Probably some stupid law about sending a blade wielding robot out into the neighborhood.
What does Jeremy Clarkson have in common with Amy Winehouse? He can't do 'top gear' anymore!
if you think about all the people you didn't marry, you've had a positive impact on virtually every life in the world
Patience is what parents have when there are witnesses.
A man walks into a bar with a piece of asphalt. He says to the bartender ""one for me and one for the road"".
Why were the new mittens so flirty? Young gloves.
I find it really annoying that eating food doesn't heal wounds like I was led to believe as a kid. Damn Nintendo.
What do comedians put outside their house on Halloween? 'Pun-kins'
Never let the CIA install your government. Too much spyware.
My first workout back at the gym was great. I did 15 mins of cardio, 10 mins on the defibrillator, and then 3 days in the hospital.
What do you call someone who photographs fish? A school shooter
What is an alcoholic's favorite part of the chicken? The Cock Tail
Log Joke A mathematician is asked what type of log do you find in the forest? He says ln(x).
My friend from Hollywood always told me, ""Shoot for the stars."" He was an assassin.
What looks just like half a loaf of bread?  Its other half.
I can tell by the way you keep snapping your gum in my ear that you really don't value your life at all.
An atheist, a vegan, and an anti-vaxxer walk into a bar... I only know because they told everyone within two minutes.
How do you make Ben Carson yell? Watch a movie with him.
Can a match box? No, but a tin can!
This is a robbery In some firm, two masked thieves enter: -This is a robbery The accountant, relieved: -Thank GOD, I thought it was the IRS.
Why Does Paris Hilton Have a Chihuahua? Cause she doesn't want a Dog thats more intelligent than her!
I once knew a man with two monocles. He made made a right spectacle of himself.
My pet butterfly got a tattoo of my lower back
I went to see a Doctor today and apparently I'm a Paranoid racist!?! Well he didn't say anything actually.....But i knew the Black Cunt was thinking it.
Damn girl, are you weed? Because you smell dank.
Dyslexic zombies crave Brians.
I love my 6-pack so much I protect it with a layer of fat.
Last night I had a nightmare that Ann Coulter died and came back to haunt me... ...she was a coultergeist
What's the difference between a pizza and a baby? I don't fuck my pizza before I toss it in the oven for dinner.
what do you call a prosecutor on a rape case? a cosby sweater.
There's a movie coming out about a big rig truck. Have you seen the trailer?
You hear some creature making noises in the distance. ""Quick! Quick! Quick, quick, quick!"" you hear it exclaim. What kind of beast is it you hear? A duck. ... with hiccups.
What's Superman's greatest weakness? Horses
England soccer team have got a new captain today His names George Smith and he'll be flying the A380 back to Heathrow..
My cell phone fell in the pool...now I know what it feels like to have someone you love drown.
My ex told me that Gaga's ""Bad Romance"" song reminds him of me. Now I'm glad I dumped him. What sort of idiot admits to listening to Gaga.
My girlfriend said I have crusty feet. I blame my socks.
Stationary Thief Hits Police Headquarters: Police say they can't rule anything out.
I like my women like I like my coffee... ...with extra large cups.
What do eggs do for fun? They crack jokes.
What were the last words of the Mayor of Hiroshima? ""What the fuck was tha . . .""
What do you call a abortion in Czechoslovakia? A cancelled check.
What's more fun than swinging an infant over your head with a rope as fast as you can? Stopping it with a shovel
What do you get if you cut an avocado into 6.02 * 10^23 pieces? Guacamole.
My relationship therapist got a divorce
My ex and I didn't work out, you could say our stars didn't align I'm a Cancer she was a cunt. She was anything but a Virgo, and her Pisces smelt like a Taurus.
Hootenanny is just one of those stupid made up words, like 'ambition' and 'productivity'.
Went to the doctors and told him l was suffering from premature ejaculation. He asked how does your wife feel about it? I said she took it on the chin the first time but now its getting on her tits...
What do you have when you just used the toilet and realized there's no toilet paper? A real mess on your hands.
Oh. Awesome. A gift card. It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
Don't tell me you're fat because obesity runs in your family... Not a damn thing has ever run in your family.
I told everyone at the party how much I love MC Escher and I got some weird stairs
My music teacher told me to stay on key I said ""pitch please""
Why does Peter Pan always fly? Because he Neverlands. That joke never grows old!
Suicide is only illegal because dead people can't pay taxes.
If a man says something in the woods and there is not a woman to hear it, is he still wrong? I was going to post this is in /r/philosophy but I think we all agree on the same answer.
Why do doctors spank babies when they are first born? The penises fall off the dumb ones.
Travelers to India joke that the country name is an acronym for, I'll Never Do It Again!
What did the bartender day to the man who was drinking his vodka to fast? Stop ""Russian""
I've been trying to find my girlfriend's killer for the last month. Nobody's agreeing to do it.
I accidentally have two dates tomorrow night should I handle this like a sitcom or an adult
A long time ago, I learned the importance of just being myself. I think the world would be a better place if everyone would just be myself.
What do you call it when one bull spies on another bull? A steak-out!
By the power vested in me by this case of beer, I now pronounce these three loads of laundry as one.
What did God say after she made Eve? ""Practice makes perfect.""
The first time I've had sex was like the first time I rode my bike My dad was holding me from behind
I escaped the terrorists of Iraq, wanna know how I did it? I ran.
*emergency room* NURSE: ""we're losing him!"" DOCTOR [pouring like a lot of buckets of ice water on his head]: ""IM WORKING AS FAST AS I CAN""
What is Hitler's favorite letter in the alphabet? I don't know, but it's definitely not z's!!!
I ordered a coffee and the barista asked what size. I told her size didn't matter. We laughed. Then she gave me an extra large coffee.
Why did the late man stand on the clock? He wanted to be on time.
How long does it take a necrophiliac to screw in a light bulb? Not long... they like to do it while it's still warm.
I got a Ouija board tattooed on my back to trick ghosts into giving me massages.
The reward for a job well done is more work.
""I've been a very bad girl. I need to be punished."" She said... ""Very well.."" I replied.. installing windows 8 on her laptop.
18: You & I are getting fat bec. u cook so damn good! IT'S.ALL.YOUR.FAULT! I was insulted, complimented, then scolded in under 2.5 seconds.
My grandpa is a total pervert My mom told me he had a stroke at my sister's piano recital
Why was jesus great at rock climbing? He could find foot and hand holes
Anyone can recommend a good Hobbit movie?
Jesus drove a Honda but didn't talk about it... ""For I did not speak of my own Accord ..."" John 12:49
What does a crappy Carpenter make? Loose stools
Is there something about me that suggests I want to hear about your smoothie cleanse, because I can change.
What was the Mathematician's Favorite Johnny Depp Movie? 's of the Carribean.
What do you call a New Zealander with a sheep under each arm? A pimp.
Hear about Harrison Fords plane crash? I guess he shouldn't have been..... (_) ( _)&gt
So I told a deaf guy... ""Stop me if you've heard this one...""
Rabbits who hang out in indie pet stores are hopsters.
What are hurricanes with a central dense overcast over the eye called?  -Hurricanes with cataracts
I submitted several play on words to a competition, hoping one will bring me victory.... Unfortunately, no pun in ten did
Searched my teens room for drugs, was told ""you don't give me enough money for drugs."" I don't know whether to be proud or up his allowance.
Last CsGo update
I am as a wake as a funeral.
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines everywhere!
I was going to dress up as a turn signal for Halloween But no one around here knows what the hell that is!
My body is a temple but only because it hates Palestine
[taking a picture] Me: ""Make love to the camera!"" Grandma: ""Don't make this weird, dear.""
Dreading going to gym. It's kinda late. Open 24hrs, tho. Hey, you know who else is open 24hrs? McDonalds. Yeah. I'm going to McDonald's.
What's the most polite meal? Peas and franks.
It was my five year old daughter's school play last night. I haven't enjoyed myself so much in years! I didn't go.
What did the ghost say to the bumblebee? BOO BEE!! &lt
Drunk people are so self centred... ... they think the world revolves around them
Recent studies link bacon to cancer. ""Ya, don't eat bacon, you'll get so much cancer"", said one pink scientist.
Women and their rights
What fuels electronics but drains a relationship? Battery
Yo Mama so dumb she put lipstick on her  fore-head to make up her mind.
Why do women fake orgasms? Because they think men actually care if they cum.
I told my ex she was cross between a rare coin and female dog. A two faced bitch.
Pro Tip for the ladies. Ask him to show you where the ""jack thingy"" is at in the trunk and when he shows you.. That's when you push him in.
Frozen Joke Don't let it go here let it go else where you flithy badger!
If babies knew how shitty life gets they wouldn't be giggling so much. Ignorant little bastards.
How far away is the US Army's website? Just a few klicks away.
How did the Mathematician relieve his constipation? He worked it out with a pencil!
What do you call a law enforcement agency that refuses to buy it's own vehicles? The Pro-lease department
MOM: [walks into daughter's room, sees protest signs, history books, list of senators' phone numbers on bed] Are you... politically active?
An old guy at the gym told me I looked like his late wife. I'm hoping he meant while she was alive.
My roommate from California was homesick So I stole his water bottle to make him feel more at home.
My girlfriend asked me to get her a cold drink. Apparently cough syrup wasn't what she was after.
i wanna make a band with 2 fellow asians. just to name our selves 'chink 182'
Why is it so hard to throw a party in space? Because you have to planet.
What happens when you pour acid on a basic bitch? She becomes salty.
Tofu is over rated... It's just a curd to me.
What do Micheal Jackson and caviar have in common? They both come on little crackers!
I had a great conversation with the world's leading brain surgeon.. Best cab ride ever
Why did the trout go to med school? Mounting pressure from his friends and family
Hey, incessant seatbelt indicator beeping, I'll outlast you
My grandfather is so racist he only eats white chocolate at Easter.
She uses her boyfriends toothbrush without his knowledge and wears his underwear every day....I eat a dog biscuit ONCE and I'M the weirdo???
a long time ago chuck norris kicked the world so hard that its still spinning today.
Why are men smarter than women? Because two heads are better than one.
Why does Reddit hate Fencing? Ripostes
This year's Pulitzer Prize for Fiction... will probably go to some guy explaining why he had an Ashley Madison account.
*jumps from plane* *forgets parachute* *grabs onto flying squirrel* *lives to tell the tale*
It's impossible to run in campsites. You can only ran. Because it's past tents.
Got a paper cut turning the pages in my self-defense book.
Fun Fact: When your favorite football team wins, you don't win. You're just drunk on a couch screaming at a TV.
A group of chimpanzees walking out of a Banana Republic is called ""disappointed"" Except for Charlie there, who scored a nice sundress.
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
I'm so sorry my pet rock attacked you. Its just he really hates arrogant douche bags. Thank god he only hit your face.
A man walks into a bar and his name is JOHN CENAAAAAAAAAA!!!
Did you here about the French Alps pizza service? Apparently they deliver large plane's
A sadist and a masochist... ....are looking for pleasure. The masochist says, ""Hurt me"". The sadist says, ""No"".
What did the glue taste tester say? Mmmmm.
What do gay horses eat? HAY HAY HAY!
Apparently, Engineers talk how Doctors write
My parents just googled me and now they're crying
I had to steal this one... The best thing about 9/11 was my house climbed 2 spots in the world's tallest building ranks.
Latvian Joke Bus full of priests come to Latvia, spread word of God. One priest ask Latvian man ""Where is children?"" Latvian man respond ""Children is dead from childbirth."" Bus leave.
What's the difference between child prostitution &amp
Volkswagon How many Jews can you fit in a Volkswagen? 2 in the front, 3 in the back and 6 million in the ash tray
Fancy Dress My mate and I decided to go to a fancy dress but he was adamant that we had to go dressed as Tom Chaplin and Jesse Quin. I wasn't very Keane on the idea.
Never understood why ghosts haunt old, dusty houses. If I was a ghost I'd haunt Hawaii or Bali
What were Chuck Noris's last words? BRB
Bigfoot, an alien, and a Pilgrim walk into a bar. I need a punch line.
What is Jackie Chan's favorite drink? WA-TAAAAH!
ME: isn't this great?? WIFE: not really ME: *looks down from the top bunk* what's wrong
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A hoarse horse!
Me: You can't arrest me. I have to run a marathon today. Cop: Stop playing the race card.
Touch me, taste me, bite me, blow me, suck me, fcuk me, nice and slowly...but if you kiss me don't be hasty...use your tongue and make it tasty !! 
Why do Storm Troopers like churchs? Cuz of all the pews. I hate myself
What do you call an exaggeration of mens genitalia? A phallus-y!
My boss noticed I shaved before coming in to the office today then he told me if i wanted to keep my job I would have to start keeping my pants on
just so you know the guacamole costs an extra $1.80 plus one of your arms and the soul of your first born child thanks for choosing chipotle
Peanut butter and jelly don't love each other... but I always find them in bread together.
Why do Redditors get excited when a tornado rips down miles of fences? Because there is a lot of reposting to do.
Tomi Lahren is pretty confident for a person whose first and last names are both misspelled
I just want to give a shoutout to my legs. Without them, I wouldn't be where I am today.
A scientist claims to have 100,000 pieces of evidence that Bigfoot exists. How about one, a f#cking Bigfoot??
if you turn the patterns on their shirts 90 degrees... the trusted REFEREE becomes the despicable PRISONER.... truly life is a fragile Bitch
What does a subatomic duck say? Quark.
What do you call a dangerous fish who drinks too much ? A beer-a-cuda !
My Viagra addiction ..was the hardest time of my life.
I shoot skeet for fun. Skeet, however, gets pretty pissed when I do.
The FBI's security gets penetrated so often that we should make it an honorary Kardashian.
This milk is so far past it's expiration date I'm only gonna have a small slice.
I like to start every morning with a good fuck. Oh fuck...it's time to get up.
What Is The Best Sub Reddit To See Once Watching ""Gods Of Egypt?"" /r/EyeBleach.
Advent calendars are fun if you ignore that every day is a new, fresh hell waiting to be survived.
Two condoms are walking down the street... They pass a gay bar and one condom says to the other ""hey, do you wanna get shit-faced?""
Can somebody help me debug Malaysian Flight Simulator? It keeps crashing unexpectedly :/
Why was the divorce lawyer pro-gay marriage? Because any marriage is good for business!
For Halloween i'm dressing up as a cloud and handing out celebrity nude photos instead of candy.
I don't get why women are complaining that Plan B doesn't work if you're over 180 lbs If she's over 180 lbs, she's already Plan B!
Why do groups of birds always seem so shady? cuz they're always flockin' around
What did the Middle Eastern dictator say after he had lunch? I ate so many chickpeas, now I falafel.
My dad fought in World War II. I just received an email confirming my order of a maroon cardigan sweater.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Adeline ! Adeline who ? Adeline extra to the letter !
Yo mamas so fat When she wants to take a bath... She fills up the tub and THEN turns on the water
I went to my new male Gynecologist and he said to spread my legs so that he could numb it down there. So he went down and went numnumnumnumnumnum
I was invited to a party and was told ""dress to kill"" Apparently a turban, beard, and a backpack wasn't what they had in mind
Yo momma so fat... ...she's the third rock from the sun!
People say I'm a completely different person when I'm drunk so technically I'm proud to say I never cheated before!
Go full Balrog on your college midterms! And do not pass.
Why do sharks like salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze
So I was peeing in the pool yesterday. The lifeguard hollered so loud, I almost fell in!
You gotta go for personality, guys.... They'll ALL look like grandma someday,
Chicago is definitely the windy city. A man in a fur suit and fur hat just asked me if I've been blown today.
What does a baby sound like when you put it in the microwave? Idk, I was too busy jacking off...
What does a witch use to see if her spells are going to work? Spell check!
Knock Knock Who's there? Alask. Alask who? Alaska later
What kind of tiles can't you stick on  walls ? Reptiles !
Telling someone w/ depression things like 'Cheer up','Get over it','It's a state of mind', is like telling a blind person 'Just look harder'
Donald Trump is like the number pi... There is no end to his irrationality.
What do nuclear physicists do when they have time off? They go fission.
The Superbowl made me feel like I was camping. It was intense.
Knock, knock. ""Who's there?"" [Doctor](http://images.amcnetworks.com/bbcamerica.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/18/files/2013/08/Doctorwho_50th-anniversary-thumbnail_01.jpg).
What did the vacuum cleaner salesman say to his colleague? Hoover fuck said this job would be a good idea?
Is anyone here named Jeff? Jeff: Yes. Jeoff: Yeos.
What do you call a guy that's lost his car? Carlos
My doctor said i had to take something against my kleptomania... So i stole his wallet.
Why was  afraid of ? Because   !
You ever notice how an electric pencil sharpener and a cat's butt look the same? They even make the same noise when you stick a pencil in it: Rar, Rar, Rar, Rar....
I'm like Helen of Troy. Not in the sense of being breathtakingly beautiful, but in the sense of pissing people off and starting wars
Interview with Hitler When asked whether or not he would repeat the Holocaust again. Hitler replied.... Fuhrer sure!!!!
A man took his family to the zoo The only animal in the zoo was a dog. It was a Shih Tzu.
My girlfriend's body is like poetry... ...It bores me. *I really love my girlfriend, and her body is not like poetry, just so ya know :p
A dog will never borrow money from you, and that's why he's man's best friend.
A man and a woman are having sex, when her husband comes early... she is sad.
We've all seen that person on Social Media who likes to debate things as if they are a college professor. Dude...you're arguing with someone who uses ""dat""
Don't listen to people who tell you not to stay up late. They're just trying to trick you into being a well-rested person who isn't anxious.
I like my women how I like my microwaved food. Hot as hell on the outside and cold as ice on the inside.
If you show me a piano falling down a mine shaft... I'll show you Aflat minor.
So this guy asked me why I was stirring my coffee with my dick... I told him, ""Shut up, I ordered a small for a reason!""
Why do shoes get sad... Why do shoes get sad when they lose their matching shoe? Because they lost their solemate
If a fish was trying to catch humans, what would the sport be called? Bass Murderering
Doctor doctor I keep thinking I'm a laptop computer. You're just run down let me give you some vitamins. No thanks. But I could do with some new batteries.
""Omelet you finish."" - Kanyegg West
Star Wars Rogue One - Crap Joke Casian - 'Jyn, we need to refuel our ship!' Jyn - 'K, to Esso!'
My friends don't hang out with me anymore since I told them I dilute my Viagra. They just can't tolerate that I'm homeosexual
Tweets My Dad Shits.
If you pronounce coupon like qpon I hope you get eaten by a qgar
*puts leash around pet lobster* I think there will be games and lots of friends to play with Pinchy *walks into Lobsterfest* COVER YOUR EYES
isnt it cool how we all accepted that we all know the names of streaming porn sites and didnt ask each other how we knew of them
What is the difference between a woman and a washing machine? You don't have to hug a washing machine half an hour after it finishes
Napolean had a brother But you probably didn't know since they were bornaparte!
What was so good about he neurotic doll the girl was given for Christmas? It was wound up already.
How many babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb? I don't know... I broke the lightbulb after I threw the first one.
Doctor how much time do I have left? Doctor: Ten Ten what? Doctor: Nine
One day, when you least expect it, every single one of your problems will finally be gone. Oddly enough, so will you.
I like my women like I like my coffee, passed through the digestive system of a cat
Wearing my bra really helps me focus on exams I love academic support.
When Germany won the World Cup, I did nazi that coming.
My mom accidentally killed my boyfriend this weekend. She didn't recognize him when she was canning pickles.
I've made 20,000 tweets. And I've never tried to sell you anything except the idea that tampon jokes are funny.
I'm probably not the person to ask to talk to kids about the dangers of drugs seeing as my year on ecstasy was the BEST YEAR EVER.
I'm out of tweets so I'm recycling some of my most dope MySpace status updates.
You ask me if I'm drunk? Well just spent 10 minutes looking for my phone using the flash light app on my phone.
Q: What do you call a cat who's joined the Red Cross? - A: A first-aid kit!
Good yawning everyone
(whispering): Siri, whose bed am I in?
Elton john and muhammed ali once had an exihibition match... And elton won...knocked ali out in the first round...and from that day on everyone knew to be wary of his fruity punch.
Why do so many American kids die in school shootings? They're not allowed to run in the halls. [-Jimmy Carr](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpxmKKtbw7w)
What is Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
I think everyone agrees that the lowest form of earth on this planet are child pornographers. They are the scum of the earth and should be tried as adults.
Why was John Lennon so ashy? Because he was cremated
How to get rid of crabs First, shave off half your pubes. Then light the other half on fire, as they run to the shaved side, stab them with a knife.
If God didn't want us to jack off he would have... ...given us shorter arms
I don't see why so many Americans are anti-gay rights. For a country with 4 dads, you would think they'd be more accepting.
Potassium would be the worst element to chat with He (or she) would always reply with ""K"".
My neighbor started mowing his yard at 6am so I opened all my windows and vacuumed because I don't understand how revenge works.
Three men walk into a bar... You'd have thought the third one would have seen it.
I've managed to build a car without a reverse gear or a steering wheel. It's pretty straight forward really.
It's not my farting that bothers my wife, it's me yelling ""Release the Kraken!!"" right before I do it.
If I had a nickel for every existential crisis I've ever had.. Does money even matter ?
What is it called when a lumberjack masturbates? Logging off.
I have no idea how I use to get around in the dark before I had a cell phone.
What fabric is worn in Soviet Russia? Linen
On Halloween I like to go to the store and buy apples and razorblades just to see the look on the clerk's face.
For all of you fighting about Black Friday, please remember... All Fridays matter.
So I was walking down the street... and this guy with premature ejaculation just came out of nowhere.
How do you make a plumber sad? You kill his family
Banker: You're sure you want a reverse mortgage & get how it works? Me(imagines bank making huge unaffordable payments to me for years): Yes
When Big Johnny tried to fly without an ID... ...the TSA diagnosed him with an enlarged prostate.
Chuck Norris was born May 6th 1945. The Nazis surrendered May 7th 1945.
Young Bobby was being fitted for glasses and his father standing beside him said ""Now remember son. Don't wear them when you're not looking at anything.""
Obviously, Mario Kart is not a documentary. It's a dramatization of real events.
Just met a nerdy spider. He's a web designer
don't even talk to me if you can't name all three powerpuff girls.
Life is going pretty good for me lately I guess. I just got a booty call last night. It was from life. Apparently it still wants to fuck me.
What was Spiderman's major in college? Web Design
What's a fireman's favourite drink? Water.
Hey mate! Your girl looks like a horse... Are you in a stable relationship?
Two cows are standing next to each other in a field . . . one says "" I was artificially inseminated this morning"" ""I don't believe you."" Said the other ""It's true . no bull. ""
My internet is so slow... Loading...
What weighs 35 tons has four fuzzy ears and is 80 million years old? Two rabbits riding a brontosaurus.
You know that video game, Mario, right? Do you know what his overalls are made of? Denim denim denim
Ten minutes into ""conspiracy theories and chill..."" ...we start gettin *illuminaughty.*
Everyone tells me to stop singing Wonderwall... I said maybe
What's the difference between water falling from the sky and hamburgers falling from the sky? One of them is a meatier shower.
If you are not part of the solution, you're probably running for President
hey honey... ... you remember that really posh restaurant we ate at? 'sure... i guess so' ... what about that one time i undercooked the chicken? 'YES. EVERY DETAIL'.
Me: ""I'm looking for a psychic who rates themselves highly."" Ian: ""I'm a medium."" Me: ""I need someone better than that.""
A man walks onto a plane... ... He has a dead rabbit under each arm. The stuardess turns: ""I'm sorry, sir. You're only allowed one item of carrion""
Why is Valentine's Day the best day for a celebration? Because you can really party hearty! 
The bartender says, ""We don't serve time travelers in here."" A time traveller walks into a bar.
This really crashes my belief system. Hilary Clinton spent 40 years building up her career to lose presidency to a man who picked up politics as a hobby last year.
What happens to Captain America when he dies? He goes to the Evans
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend? Because Sheeran.
To those who are sad because nobody loves them at Valentine's Day, worry not... ...nobody loves you on any of the other days of the year either.
Researchers at Duke University say they have discovered the reason for the existence of the human appendix. Still working on the reason for the existence of the Kardashians.
I like a good long cuddle with my girlfriend after sex It's the quickest way to deflate her
Whats a yoga instructors favourite kind of coffee? Pilatte
Why does it take 100 mink to make a fur coat? Because they are lazy and have small hands!
You know you're in a seedy part of town when you ask the waitress for coke and she says ""is meth ok?""
What should you care? My grandfather always said, ""Don't watch your money, watch your health."" So one day while I was watching my health, someone stole my money. It was my grandfather.
Isn't it weird how something that's used as PUNISHMENT as a child becomes a sexual act once we're older? Like oral sex.
The developmental psychologists got back to us about our son. They said he's smart on paper... Unfortunately he can't read
It was a shame King Henry VIII had a lisp, it made it quite difficult for him to order his wives coffee. ""I'll have them decapitated""
At this point most of the hugs I'm involved in are just my kids using me as a napkin.
If you emphasize the po in police they're probably already after you.
St. Patrick's Day is like 420 for alcoholics.
A spider just tried to crawl across my hand and now how do you extract a fork from bone without causing more damage?
What's big, gray, and doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
""I'm sorry"" and ""My bad"" mean the same thing... Unless you're at a funeral.
Someone with Celiac disease but still eats wheat... Is a gluten for punishment.
My kleptomania has always been a challenge, but stealing from this bakery really takes the cake.
Some days i think im slightly intelligent, other days i try to take a screenshot of my cracked phone screen
what did the traffic light say to the other traffic light? Don't look i'm changing
Lif... ...is too short.
What gets easier to pick up the heavier it gets? Women
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste.
How does an international banker have a good Friday night? He goes to a bar and slips somebody a Rupee, then gives them a Franc and some Deutsche Marks.
Since I started looking, I've noticed instances of confirmation bias all over Reddit.
Two muffins are sitting in an oven The first muffin turns to the other and says ""gee it's hot in here"" The other muffin replies ""holy shit! A talking fucking muffin!""
How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool? ""Please get out of the pool.""
what do you get if you mix a dachsund with a cocker spaniel/ poodle mix? A cockadockapoo.
""This is some good shit!"" A gourmet fly.
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus Because it wasn't born yesterday
Yo mamma so fat I took a picture of her last Christmas and its still printing.
A programmers wife tells him... A programmers wife tells him: Run to the store and get a loaf of bread. If they have eggs, get a dozen. The programmer comes back with 12 loaves of bread...
A horse walks into a bar... ...and the bartender says ""Heeeeyeyeyeyey, why the looooong face?"" And the horse replies ""Because the guy telling the joke that I'm starring in has bad...comic...*timing.*""
Why is picture of Jesus better than Jesus himself? You only need one nail to hang up the picture.
Look... don't end your presentation with ""Are there any questions?"" & then get all pissy when I ask if you can ride a unicycle.
I asked my wife what women really want and she said attentive lovers. ...Or maybe she said ""a tent of lovers."" I wasn't really listening...
A can crushers job must be... Soda pressing.
Horrible funny joke What do you call an alligator in a vest....? An Invest-agator
""I'm up for anything"" - penises
Keep your friends close and your enemies in the trunk of your car.
What is Hillary Clintons least favourite instrumeny? The trump-et.
When a track star gets best time in a race they ""Break a record"" but when I do it I've ""Falsely entered a Special Olympics event"".
[walks in to UPS store holding rabid raccoon] Hi my boyfriend said he wants to take a break so I'd like to ship him this please.
I heard there is a new dating app for paedophiles Kinder is due to be released shortly!
Female Viagra. Niagara.
Just Bcoz My Status Is ""Single"" It Doesnt Means I'm ""Available"". It's Just That My Mother Is In My Friends List On Facebook.""
Pot smokers like to say it's safe because it's natural. Other safe natural things include sunburn, poison ivy, and being eaten by a bear.
This dermatologist waits a month to diagnose a skin disorder... She's reluctant to make a rash decision.
Don't worry, people who are sick of political tweets, every horror movies needs a few ""Nah, it's nothing"" types to raise the body count.
I wrote a song about drawing maps, but it never made the charts.
I'd be so much more successful if some of my ancestors had just married better.
What is the difference between a Ferrari and a boner? I don't have a Ferrari.
For Sale : Crystal Ball Cant see any future in keeping it
ARE YOU GUYS ALL RIGHT? No, you are all left
Marrying my gay friend bc it's important for couples to have common interests and we are both interested in men!
So pinocchio was going down on a girl... The girl then says YEAH! Eat that pussy pinocchio get it!
What's the difference between a religion and a cult? The number of followers
Superman can save the world but Clark Kent
Me: I look great today Fluorescent lights: I can fix that.
And the Lord said to John, 'Come forth, and you will receive eternal life' But John came fifth, and won a toaster.
My girl's got the Dubstep of Periods... I'm waiting forever for it to drop
If necessity is the mother of invention why does so much unnecessary stuff get invented?
Finding a girlfriend is a lot like fishing... There are plenty of fish in the sea, but it's just you holding your rod until you catch one.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Bull ! Bull who ? Bull the chain when your done !
I have a love/hate relationship with mood swings.
What's the difference between an oyster shucker with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea? One shucks between fits and the other fucks between shits.
My hus thinks I'm getting up early tomorrow to go to the gym to get all sweaty. But what he doesn't know is that my ""gym"" is spelled ""Jim.""
Pope Innocent is an oxymoron
I tried pot brownies for the first time yesterday They tasted funny, since you usually cook brownies in a pan instead of a pot.
It's rather pathetic that the only thing that consistently works on my car is the Check Engine light.
Relationships are like algebra You always look at your x and try to figure out y.
I've never gotten along with tall people We just never see eye to eye.
I will never be okay with how Michael is spelled.
How do you call a play on numbers? A pin.
I just became the mayor of ""Giving Away Tons of Personal Data to Corporations and Government Agencies Because I'm an Idiot"" on FourSquare!
Why should you wear leather when playing Hide and Seek? Because it's made of hide.
What do you call a happy cow? Laughing stock. What do you call a grumpy cow? A Feminist
What is the only thing that will be ""Feeling the Bern""? Working people's wallets.
I wish my race was bred fast and strong... Oh wait, no I dont.
You know what really breaks my heart? Cholesterol.
How do you find a blind man at a nude beach. It's not hard
Did you know that if you stab a salad 23 times, It becomes a Caesar Salad
The industrious prostitute Well there was this prostitute who had a vagina surgically implanted in her hip...so she could make some money on the side.
What's the opposite of Tim Walken? Tim Daly.
A jewish boy asks his father for 40 dollars. The father responds ""30 dollars?! What do you need 20 dollars for?""
College hot dogs What do uou call a hot dog in college? A FRATwurst! Hahahahahaha
What tool turns a 20mm hole into a 100mm hole? A pedophile.
Time to get ready for work Insomnia - OK. You can sleep now.
When I see lovers' names carved in a tree, I don't think it's sweet: I just think it's surprising how many people bring a knife on a date.
What is white and disturbs your breakfast? An avalanche
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear. Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair. Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn't fuzzy, was he?
I see right through Caitlin Jenner Because she's trans-parent
not enough holes in walls any more, not like the glory days.
My wife completely ignores me when she watches Grey's Anatomy......so I ordered the first 5 seasons.
Where would you put an injured insect ? In an antbulance !
Research shows vacuum cleaners can cause hearing loss. ""You should absolutely get rid of that monster" said one furry, panting scientist.
My dishwasher makes this loud rumbling sound... Strange thing is, it only seems to happen at night, when she's sleeping.
Two old drunks I was sitting in a bar with my friend and I noticed two old drunks across the bar from us. I laughed and said, ""That's us in ten years."" My friend replied, ""That's a mirror, dipshit.""
I'm one of those people that no one warned you about.
I wondered why everyone said I had ""bed hair"", until I looked in the mirror and noticed a tiny mattress on top of my head.
Why did the Giraffe lay down in the tall grass? Because it had Leukemia.
What has 5 eyes? invisibility
When you're talking about everything and nothing Your talking two extreme.
Honey, the broken condoms are on the couch again. I thought we were calling the kids by their names now dear.
A poem for Valentine's day Roses are red Poppies are red The grass is red Oh no my yard is on fire
I could have sworn I saw fig flavored altoids the other day.. must have been a figment of my imagination.
What's the technical term for a female-to-male sex change operation? A strapadictomy.
I want to order rabbit at a fancy restaurant and then complain there is a hare in my food.
""Never Have I Ever"" is a party game and fun way to find out who shouldn't be donating blood.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall. Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. He died.
The best way to stop uninvited guests from stopping by your home is to always answer the door naked.
""How about if I put a balloon over it? Would you touch it then?"" -guy who invented condoms
I don't know the lyrics to any of Pitbull's songs, but in my defense, I'm not really convinced he does either.
BRUCE LEE: Be formless, shapeless, like water. HARPER LEE: Things are never as bad as they seem. PARSLEY: I am a stalk vegetable.
Man from Nantucket There once was a man from Nantucket Was writing a Limerick but said, ""Fuck it.""
The only ""b"" word you should call a girl is beautiful. Bitches love to be called beautiful.
Okay, raise your hand if you put raisins in your oatmeal cookies. Great. Now, make a fist with that hand & punch yourself in the face.
Things that don't kill bees: 1. Furniture polish 2. Febreeze 3. Butter 4. Screaming
What do Latin American people call an American sex tourist who comes to fuck cheap gay prostitutes their country? A maricon
[during sex] Can you please take your Fitbit off.
Beating your wife isn't a joke It's a punchline.
How many Freudian Analysts does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 2. One to screw it in and the other to hold the penis---ladder!! I meant ladder...
What do you call a robotic prostitution ring? Nuts and bolts.
What do you call a row of 10 blondes standing ear to ear? A wind tunnel.
new boss: mind sharing an office? me: no NB: Good [points to room filled w/wolves] bc we finally contained them please keep the door closed
Why does the little mermaid wear seashells? Because B shells are to small and D shells are to big.
A woman walks into a bar and asks the barman for an innuendo... ..So he gave her one.
What's the worst thing about banging a girl with a cold heart? The rest of her is cold too.
""This little computer"" said the sales clerk ""will do half of your job for you.""  Studying the machine the senior VP said ""Fine I'll take two.""
I had a one night stand with a girl who was missing a limb Afterwards she wasn't too happy with me, we got off on the wrong foot.
Welcome to Facebook. Please choose your category: Comedian, Philosopher, Protester, or Drama Queen.
What's Batman's favorite fruit? Bananananananananana
Why don't black people dream ? The last one who had a dream got shot.
A teacher is always just one loud fart away from losing control of a classroom.
Got bucked off my high horse. Now I only have contusions of grandeur.
Some jokes on Mexicans can be funny, but a lot of the times they cross the border. ^^^^^OC ^^^^^but ^^^^^rephrased
What does the train say as its heading toward Auschwitz? Jew-Jew!
How do you top a car? You tep on the brake, toopid.
I was working on a new rape joke, but i couldn't get the punchline to flow right. It just came off sounding too forced.
Tried to take my girlfriend to get a physical.... ...they kept turning me away saying ""sir, this is a palm reader""
The Pope walks into a synagogue the Rabbi asks, ""Why the wrong faith?""
Why does Piglet stink so bad? Cause he always plays with Pooh.
If life gives you melons You might be dyslexic.
How is a vagina like a cigarette? The closer you get to the butt the stronger the taste.
GOOD COP: tell us where ur boss is hiding and we'll let u go BIKE COP: [clenches fist] we woulda caught him if he hadnt climbed those stairs
Why are paraplegics bad project teammates? They never carry their own weight.
Why did Sally fall off the swing? Someone threw a fridge at her.
Happy (Belated) Birthday To Everyone
If at first you don't succeed try try a gun
It just occurred to me that you could substitute Miranda rights for wedding vows. Verbatim
Where does the king keep his armies? In his sleevies.
What do you call a Muslim who is notoriously late for everything? 9/12
the Bible says ""If a man is to lay with another man he should be stoned."" in my experience it helps
A penguin walks into a bar... He goes up to the barman and says, ""Have you seen my father in here today?"" The barman says, ""I don't know, what does he look like?""
The clock is ticking... 9:09 9:10 George Bush 9:12
(NSFW) I might have a needle dick. But I fuck like a sewing machine.
The best joke of all... ...is the number of this sub's subscribers
Why did Hitler commit suicide? Because he got the gas bill.
I asked a Jewish girl her number She said she didn't have one, but could give me her grandfather's.
Have you heard about the new IPhone 6? I guess it's got people all bent out of shape.
What are the worst six years in a blonde's life? Third Grade!
There's a gang going through our town, systematically shoplifting clothes in size order ... The police believe they're still at large.
I can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones.
What do you get if you cross an alligator with Sherlock Holmes ? An Investigator.
How did the gay wizard dissappear? He went with a poof!
Why doesn't Justin Bieber like Sports Authority? Because he likes Dicks.
What did one earthquake say to the other? It's not my fault.
It's confusing for me too, but I don't need your money so you're going to have to be a nice guy if this is going to work out.
""So why do you wanna work at Petsmart?"" *imagines running out of the store with all the dogs in my arms* ""I'm a people person.""
Shout-out to everyone who is struggling with establishing their identity. You know who you are.
how to know if a thin girl is anorexic? she posts her nudes in bbw subreddits.
""How is life in North Korea?"" I wrote to my North Korean pen pal ""I can't complain"" he wrote back.
Dating a woman in 5 easy steps: 1. Be attentive 2. Don't be too attentive 3. Show interest 4. Don't show too much interest 5. Seek therapy
Jocelyn from Facebook will unfriend you if you give her a Blockbuster gift card for her stupid baby shower. I know that now.
Is it fair to say... There'd be less litter in the world if blind people were given pointed sticks?
My views are my own, although they're heavily based on some stuff Jon Stewart said on TV last night, and the general vibe of the internet.
I wish 'twitter' was an irregular verb so we could conjugate it thusly: twitter, twat, twitten huehue
PERV IN THE LINGERIE STORE Q: Why did the perv go into Victoria's Secret? A: The panties were half off.
""I'm leaving you"" ""why?"" ""Your jokes are old and tiresome"" ""but, I can updog"" ""What's updog?"" ""NOTHIN, WHAT'S UP WI-"" *slams door*
I do yoga so I can dress myself when I'm single.
I approach. ""Girl are you a couch? Cuz I'm gonna try & fail to pick you up."" She laughs. ""I'm Jen."" My training hasn't prepared me for this.
What did the chocolate syrup say to the ice cream? ""I'm sweet on you!"" 
CarefulWhere's your shoesPlease stop cryingMaybe eat somethingYou dropped the bottle- things you say to babies & drunks.
Q: What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? A: I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.
Why don't we hear jokes about the Jonestown Massacre? Because the punchlines are too long.
I stand in the tampon aisle and when a woman reaches for a box, I snicker and say ""you're gross"".
What did the leper say to the prostitute? I left the tip on the night stand.
What's the difference between a black man and a pile of dog shit? The shit will eventually turn white and go away
Asian drivers are so bad that some speculate that Pearl Harbor might have been an accident
Pretty sure I just did some classical ballet move as I got off the computer chair to get to the kitchen and saw a spider on my floor.
You can learn a lot about a person just by watching them through binoculars 24 hours a day.
Me: My tarot cards say that you're going to be in pain soon. Him: Ha! My Magic 8 Ball said No. *hurls Magic 8 Ball at him* Him: Ouch!
Did you hear about the butcher who sat on his bacon slicer? He got a little behind in his deliveries.
A Roman walks into the bar... ...holds up two fingers, and says, ""Five beers, please.""
""Your lifeguard resume is just a pic of David Hasselhoff"" I feel it says all u need to know about me ""He's drunk with a cheeseburger"" Yes
I'm so sleepy I feel like I can sleep through to next year
Why do black men love pirate porn? Because of all the booty
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton concedes election to Donald Trump, saying ""I just can't see how I can win after Scott Baio endorsed Trump.""
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? They are really good at it.
Two introverts go to a bar. They leave immediately.
Wolves are just wild dogs who can't get enough of the woods I guess.
How long does it take a satellite to reach Uranus? Bend over and I'll show you.
Donald Trump Will.... Make America Great Again!
Note to self: Take Mila Kunis picture off of vacuum before taking it in for service next time.
What do you call a clever repost? A riposte.
True love is waking up in the middle of the night just to watch your laptop while it sleeps.
Last month I decided to invest in a gym membership. Since then I have lost... ...about $39.99 in cash.
British scientists have demonstrated that cigarettes can harm your children. Fair enough, use an ashtray.
I bet if Aquaman and Jesus had a fight, Jesus would walk all over him.
Casual conversations are just like casual sex. I don't know how to have either one.
Just because I am an Italian American doesn't mean my family is in the mob.... It means we used to be.
I want a SPIDERMAN GO app where I have to get pictures of spiderman for a furious j jonah jameson
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
Why can't bears get jobs in Australia? They don't have the right koalfications!
I workout religiously About once or twice around the holidays
Why doesn't Santa have any children? Because he only comes once a year, and when he does, it's down a chimney.
What did the cow say when she saw the Dalmatian? Dam... I got to get in shape!
What shatters faster than your smartphone screen? A newborn with osteoporosis.
White lies are fine. Don't tell a black lie though. Black lies matter.
What's Jian Ghomeshi's favorite vegetable? Artichoke.
What's the difference between a heroine and heroin? One's an object that's easily abused, the other's a drug.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles!
*drives up to liquor store door, honks horn *wine jumps off shelf, hops into my car *speeds off
What do you get if a convict goes camping? Criminal Intent.
I slept like a log, which means my underside was moist and bugs kept crawling up my crack.
Where do the Japanese store defective mannequin feet? In bent-toe boxes.
I complimented my chemistry professor, who's from Germany, ""Sir, you're so effervescent."" He replied, ""Did you effer see me when I effer vasn't?""
How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen do? Enough to kill two and a half men.
Why is a Mexican midget called a paragraph? Because he isn't a full ese.
How do Jedi warm up for sexy time? Forceplay
I bet some astronomers can't tell black holes apart because they're racists.
Cool prank: Dig up 200 earthworms. I will tell you about the rest of the prank later
I Am a spy who has worked for the Mossad the last 23 years. Ask Me Nothing.
How do you know if your girlfriend is too young? you have to make aeroplane noises to stick you dick in her mouth!
""Kumail. Kumail. K. U. M. No. M. Just write Jason."" - me right after ordering coffee
Don't get mad. Get odd. Like incredibly odd. Show up in a clown suit to their work. Draw potatoes on all their mirrors. Make them be afraid.
My parents were in the iron and steel industry... My mother had to iron and my father had to steal.
What do you call a joke with no punchline? Ba-dum-tss
The best thing about Twitter is that I can reveal my deepest and darkest secrets and you dumbasses think I'm joking.
If you! Use exclamation points!! This often! I want to! Smother you!! And your enthusiasm! With a pillow!!!
Had a talk with 12. M: Do you know what a period is? 12: Yes, mom, it's the dot at the end of the sentence. M: ... 12: ... M: Good talk
What do you call an IS-leader on a motorcycle? Abu Bikr
My penis... Is such a dick.
Why couldn't the Geordie go above the seventh floor in the tower block? He had a fear of eights
People with profile pictures of their kids. Stop it. All I can think is, why are these toddlers trying to add me on facebook?
What's a drug lord woman called? A drug lady? A heroin heroine?!
What did the call of duty player say to his girlfriend about gaining weight? EX SO FAT
A woman just asked me if I'd like to help fight bigotry today but she was holding a clipboard so I said no.
Something hit me at high frequency today It really hertz.
what do you call a mexican without a car? carlos
I love eating German sausage.... but it always gives me the wurst farts. HA HA HAHA Ha....ha....^ha ^ha^ha......^i'llshowmyselfout
What's brown and rhymes with 'snoop'? Dr. Dre
The best joke of all time. Women's rights.
If you think it's hilarious that George Bush is getting a library, wait till you hear he was our PRESIDENT for EIGHT YEARS.
The most common type of web developers are not even human they are spiders
20's: I can't remember where I left my keys 30's: I can't remember where I left my car 40's: I can't remember where I left my kids
It's black, and when it falls out of a tree your piano breaks. Your piano.
What part of the body does a woman never move while dancing Her bowels
Son, do we have any dopted? Son: What is a dopted? Dad: You are! Son: Ha ha funny one    dad.(Sarcastically) Dad: I'm not your dad!
When people ask me about my hobbies, I tell them I'm into birdwatching, photography and meeting new people. It sounds better than stalking.
A man walks into a bar... and asks for chicken tendies.
I bet if you punched Pamela Anderson in the boob it would leave an impression like those Temperpedic beds.
What are the three worst words to hear while having sex? Honey, I'm home!
Mama mama this bread tastes funny! STFU and eat your brick.
The local Chinese restaurant has creme brulee, but it's not on the menu. It's Secret Asian Flan
I've been dating a girl online who I think might be a Catfish. Every time I try to meet, her excuse is that she ""can't survive on dry land.""
Hey baby, wanna violate the Pauli Exclusion Principle with me?
How many police does it take to change a lightbulb? They don't, they beat the room for being black.
What's a horny pirates worst nightmare? NSFW a sunken chest with no booty!
My son complained to me that his yogurt was too soupy. I told him to suck it up.
Looks like Erdogan had to quit... ...cold Turkey. [](/rimshot)
What's the best truck in Norway? The Fjord F150.
Why was Jon Snow looking for an iWatch charger? Because now his watch has ended.
Why do gay barbecues suck? Because the hotdogs taste like shit.
Hurricanes are loud, costly and sometimes fatal forces of nature That's why the WMO name them after their wives
How Does Moses Make His Tea? Hebrews it
Why is lettuce the most loving vegetable? Because it's all heart. 
I hate those people who knock on your door... And tell you that you need to be saved or you'll burn... Stupid firemen.
My parachute didn't deploy At least I have the rest of my life to fix it.
Sicilian saying ""When you wake up with four balls, your enemy is behind you.""
So my boyfriend and I broke up, but I made a Sim family about us.. I just realized I have to kill every member of that family
Why did the hippie drowned in the ocean? Because he was too far out. Ba dum bum tissss
2 lepers playing poker... 1 throws his hand in, the other laughs his head off.
What is it that separates humans from animals? The Mediterranean Sea
I've just found out I can have sex at 65 I live at number 59 so it's only a short walk!
Historic moments in rap. Jay W [username taken] Jay X [username taken] Jay Y [username taken] Jay Z
What do you get if you don't pay your exorcist? Repossessed. (Credit to my great-grandmother.)
How do you confuse a feminist? Tell her you refuse to allow her to make you a sandwich.
What's the difference between pink and purple? Your grip..
Step 1) Get a job selling punctuation marks. Step 2) ?????? Step 3) Profit.
I have, a really beautiful body under my floor boards
How do aliens stay warm? Space heater.
Wasn't gay marriage always legal? Because I know that people have been happy on their wedding day.
I'm so damn tired. I haven't slept since last year.
How do you get an emo out of a tree? Cut the rope.
I will always remember the last thing my Grandpa said to me before he kicked the bucket... He said- ""How far do you think I can kick this bucket""?
I have kleptomania. But when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I just stepped on a cornflake. Now, I am officially a cereal killer.
Can you name all of Santa's reindeer? No, they already have names.
Doctor: ""I'm sorry, sir, but you have an STD. I suggest you make a list of all your partners--"" Lou Bega: ""Way ahead of you.""
Why did the teacher decide to become an electrician? To get a bit of light relief.
""If you break up with me, I will beach myself."" -dramatic whale
People have often asked the United States, What is your secret weapon against terrorists? We simply reply......Chuck Norris
As a pot smoking narcissist, my life is all smoke and mirrors
*knock knock* ""Are you a Jehovah's Witness""?
""How many volunteers do we have for the army?"" ""384 sir"" ""okay round them up"" ""400 sir""
Number one handheld A recent survey indicated that smartphone is the number 1 handheld device.. Penis has slipped to number 2..
Ke$ha is what all drunk white girls look like to drunk black dudes.
What is the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? I wouldn't pay 200 to have a lentil on my face.
What would happen if pigs went on strike?  They'd form pigget lines.
I like to shit with the door open, because it keeps other people from getting onto the elevator with me.
Traditional marriage was between a boy's parents and a girl's parents. And maybe some cattle.
Why did Kim Jong-il die a week before December 25th? Because Rudolph is the only deer leader at Christmas.
During labor the pain is so intense A woman almost feels what a man feels when he has a fever
What did the bread do after it had been oppressed for many years? Rye-ot
Slavery is such an ugly word... I prefer the term lifetime unpaid internship.
Sleep is like my love life, I ain't getting any
How can you tell if a woman is wearing pantyhose? If her ankles swell when she farts.
I went to the doctor. I went to the doctor with a stomach ache and I left with cancer! I was mad as hell!
just saved a bunch of money on his car insurance by fleeing the scene of the accident.
I've been a right-leaning man for most of my life Fuck scoliosis.
My eleven year old brother: ""I have Asperger's Syndrome..."" ""...want a burger?""
How do you project confidence? Multiply by the cosine of the angle.
If you meet a woman who says your name with the same passion she says pumpkin spice latte you should marry her immediately
And for dinner... Mary had a little lamb.
Two blondes walk into a bar... The brunette ducks
A comment suitable for most of the reddit jokes Repost
what happened to the cow when it jumped over the barbed wire fence? Udder destruction!
I decided to try out a new Mediterranean recipe that takes 2 hours to cook. I've got a lot of thyme on my hands.
Why can't you hear the bass on Metallica's And Justice For All album? Because they threw the bass player under the bus.
What does Bob the spider do for a living? He's a web developer.
i asked my wife to send me a naughty picture on snapchat... so she sent one of our kids playing in my electronics drawer
If there is one thing sure to turn Reddit against you... It's defiantly clickbait.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
Before you judge a woman, walk a mile in her shoes. After that who cares? She's a mile away and you've got her shoes.
Why sharks are afraid to borrow money from other sharks! Because they are not just sharks, they are loan sharks!
After years of intense research, I have come to the conclusion that dryer lint is actually the cremated remains of all my other socks.
What do you call a slippery book? Non-Friction
Great job keeping shit out of my eye, eyelash that's currently in my eye.
Do you ever feel, like a plastic bag.. 
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
[Car dealership] Me: *taps glove box* How 'bout this one? Salesman: Sir, we've been over this, I don't know how many McNuggets it will hold.
How depressed are you on a scale from 1 to ""regularly visits song lyrics websites""?
My penis died. Can I bury it in your vagina?
Why did Pee-wee Herman cross the road? He was choking the chicken.
What's it called when Batman doesn't go to church? Christian BALE!
""Can you read Chinese?"" ""Yes but only when it's printed in English.""
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking JK Rowling
What did the banana say to the vibrator? What are you shaking for? She's going to eat me!
What do you call someone who gets high fast? A speed weeder.
What do you get when you cross an Elephant and a Rhino? 'Elephino!
Cool joke i found on the internet (very clever) If I wanted to kill myself, I would climb up to your ego and jump down to your IQ level.
Disney just announced plans for an animated adaptation of Dante's Inferno They're calling it, ""101 Damnations.""
Don't take a shower when you're drunk. The curtain does not support you when you fall. Trust me.
Two cows were talking in a field.. One said to the other, ""Have you heard about that mad cow disease?"" The other says, ""Yeah, good thing we're penguins"".
When the priest says ""Body of Christ"" I say ""Thanks, I've been working out."" Then I grab the cracker and run back to my seat.
Why is it so tough to please girls? They take classes on mass debating.
I saw that a fellow Redditor needed a liver. Lets just say (_) / ( _)&gt
What is big black and long. The lines at KFC
Marriage is like a hurricane... Starts with a bunch of sucking and blowing, and at the end you lose your house.
My life is a circus... I once juggled three fire-breathing girlfriends. Bah-da-BING!
If you're not part of the solution, I think... well, technically, that makes you insoluble sediment.
Q. What is the color of the wind? A. Blew.
Waiter asked if I wanted the soup or salad Me: Yes, I'll take the super salad
What do you call a hip French black guy? Latrill
The hardest part about eating a vegetable... Manipulating the wheel chair.
What's the difference between a frog? One leg's both the same.
What do you call a group of students? A school.
Did you hear about the guy who got his whole left side cut off He is all right now
Yo mama is so fat, she tried to eat Cornelius Fudge.
What did one gay man say to the other gay man in the gay bar? Stand up and I'll push your stool in. Yeah it's gross.
I require three things in a man. He must be handsome, ruthless and stupid.
Did you hear about the clown who refined iron? He smelt funny
I'm going to sit here and wink at you. It's going to be a very long wink. With both eyes. Please, by all means, go on with your story.
What did one white cop say to another white cop? Another black man bites the dust.
You gotta hand it to blind prostitutes Literally
i like to say ""so long"" in an asian accent is that so wrong?
Chin up divorced people
I'm like the lemon seed that sinks to the bottom of your water glass and then shoots up your straw unexpectedly, trying to choke you.
Wishy-washy sounds like someone that's optimistically clean.
Some people don't realize how grateful they should be that I'm not allowed to carry a sword in public.
Why Can't you compare Donald Trump to cancer? Because sometimes, you can get rid of cancer.
Three logicians walk into a bar The bartender asks: ""Do you all want a drink?"" The first logician says: ""I don't know."" The second logician says: ""I don't know."" The third logician says: ""Yes.""
OVERHEARD - Woman 1: ""We went downtown to visit 9/11..."" Woman 2: ""You mean the World Trade Center?"" Woman 1: ""No that's not there anymore.""
What's the difference between a communist and a feminist? The communist wants equality
Sometimes, when I think about books I touch my shelf
Confusious say, when one man fishes in another man's well... ...he is likely to catch crabs.
[in bed] HER: talk dirty to me ME: one time I licked the floor of a subway HER: I meant- ME: I use a rat as a loofa
What did one casket say to the other? Is that you coughin?
What do you call a fruit that procrastinates? ...A Cramberry!
Why did the clothing store close? The employees where slacking off.
Do teardrop facial tattoos prevent crying? If so, I'm getting a urine stream tattooed down my leg so I'll stop wetting the bed.
I was watching the WWE wrestling with my son today... ...when I finally snapped at the whole charade and blatant fakeness of it all. It's about time he was told he's adopted.
The thing about ice skating ... No matter how good you are, the hardest part is always your nipples.
What do you call a gay cowboy? A jolly rancher.
I got caught sniffing underwear... I got caught sniffing my friend's sister's underwear the other day, What made it worse was she was still wearing them, Made the rest of her funeral really awkward.
What's the difference between an original joke and a repost? I don't know, I just click ""submit""
Have you heard of the Austrian man Duerf? He was the world's leading reverse psychologist
Every time a Taco Bell rings, an angel gets diarrhea
Pretty gay how some dudes like other dudes.
Why does Barbie never get pregnant? Because Ken always comes in a different box.
I'd like to tell a joke about Dratini... Only urbanites will get it.
Your mom thinks she's anorexic Whenever she looks in the mirror she sees a fat woman.
Being single at this time is not based on my wanting freedom to do what I want....It's more due to the fact that I want the freedom to not have to do what someone else wants.
A Physicist sees a man about to jump off the Eiffel Tower He yells ""Don't do it! You have so much potential!""
""Try it, it's so good!"" ""Come on, man. Just a taste."" ""I'm having some. Mmmm."" ""Trust me."" Feeding my 2yo makes me feel like a drug dealer.
I just submitted my penis as ""Innovator of the Year"" in 2009, for his pioneering work in solving womens hunger.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To visit the idiot. Knock knock. Who's there? *The chicken.*
If no one comes from the future to stop you from doing it than how bad of a decision can it really be?
The Past, The Present and The Future walked into a bar. It was tense.
An abstinence ring and a wedding ring are essentially the same thing. Both come with lack of sex.
I used to think it was cool when all those athletes would say hi to my mom on TV.
""This is groundbreaking stuff.""  Inventor of the shovel
I drink too much. The last time I gave a urine sample it had an olive in it.
What's the worst part of running into your ex? You have to get out and check to see how bad your car is damaged.
Perfect girls are found at every corner of the earth... unfortunately, the earth is round.
My math teacher told me that 3/5 of the kids in my class don't understand fractions Thankfully I'm a part of the other 3/5.
Why do astronomers eat steak before skywatching? They're hoping for meatier showers
HR called me in today and told me I have a bad attitude. So they're transferring me over to IT and giving me a raise.
I exercise at the gym because I can't exercise restraint when it comes to everything that's bad for me.
What do you call Watson when Sherlock isn't around? Holmeless
I think football would become an even better game if someone could invent a ball that kicks back.
What do we want? CLICKBAIT! When do we want it? The answer will shock you... ***** Edit: There was this one weird typo that doctors don't want you to know about.
Men shouldn't feel bad if they only last 8 minutes doing it doggy style... Because that's almost an hour in dog time...
Why wasn't the Canadian scared at the movie theater? He knew Nunavut was real.
He said he would call me at 5pm but didn't until 5.03pm. His lies will tear our relationship apart
What do you call a black man that flies a plane? A pilot you fucking racist.
(NSFW) Jokes
Always remember that you're someone's reason to smile.. Because you are a joke.
My wife was complaining that nobody ever phoned her, so I put a ""How's my driving?"" sticker on her car. Her phone hasn't stopped ringing since.
Hey, I'm a girl. I ignore nice guys, chase douche bags, and then complain about it
What do you call bagels that can fly? ""Plane"" Bagels!... I'll show myself out...
What did Jay-Z call Beyonce before they were married? Fiancee
Knock Knock Who's there ! Cugat ! Cugat who ? Cugat to love my jokes !
Who will inherit all of Trump's money? His hair.
How many spiders are in your vagina RIGHT NOW? The answer may surprise you.
Dudes that flip off the camera in pictures want you to know that they're tough and strong and not afraid of any fucking camera.
Yo mama so ugly that not even goldfish crackers smile back
My grandpa said that this generation relies too much on technology. I told him his generation relied on it more. Then I unplugged his life support.
""I never weigh myself"" -People who weigh themselves daily
The moral of ""The Three Little Pigs"" is ""make your house with bricks."" Why are we giving four year olds architectural advice?
Did you know that if you drop and break a piece of folk art, it just turns into more folk art?
I love linguistics Its the only class where I can talk about vowel movements.
Know why Chick-fil-A doesn't have a sandwich with two patties on it? because they don't want two chicks on top of each other! *RIMSHOT*
Did you hear about the cyclopic tutor? He had only one eye, but two pupils!
Marriage is like a card game. At first, you have two Hearts and a Diamond, but at the end, you'll want a Club and a Spade.
Don't ask me where I've been all your life if you're going to look so bored when I open my diary and give you a comprehensive answer.
Why did the aardvark cross the road? To beat up the idiot telling jokes about him. (Not an original joke)
I eat the free samples at Costco for lunch every day. I'm adding 'enjoys eating out' to my dating profile.
Two wives talking about sex The first asks 'Do you smoke after sex with your husband?' 'I don't know' replies the second 'I've never looked'.
Roses are red Violets are blue Stop clicking your pen when you talk to me Kevin I swear I will murder your face with my tape dispenser
missed connection: you walked by my house and saw me drinking from the hose. please respond with the hose color so I know it's you
Someone outside the grocery store asked me if I had a few seconds to save the environment. I feel like it would take longer than that...
People always comment about how young I look. I just tell them it's because of all the placenta I've been eating.
My daughter's been seeing someone called Jim. Only for an hour each time, always in sports gear and often sweaty afterwards. I don't approve
What do you call the security guards outside of Samsung? The guardians of the galaxy!
How do you know a Brigham Young student's been mowing the lawn? The welcome mat is destroyed.
Swim up bars combine my two favorite things. Drinking and peeing in hotel pools.
Prostitutes are really over achievers... I mean all they do is succeed.
What did the ocean say to the river? ""You can run but you can't tide.""
Why should you never fight a dinosaur? You'll get jurasskicked!
What does a German say when you finally explain a funny meme to him? Danke
After reading that Afghanistan had the highest infant mortality rate, this occurred to me. What do you call Afghan triplets? Twins! I am so sorry....
Uh uh huh uh uh uh huh uh uh uh huh uh uh uh huh uh uh uh huh uh uh huh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh huh Me, Rap battling
My gay friend told me he loves living in Pennsylvania. He's never seen so many assholes in his life.
What's a ego maniac's favorite candy? Air heads
What does it mean when you're on a date and he pushes you in front of a bus?
Meet my good friend 50 Cent, or as he's known across the pond... 10,000 Pounds
If a red man lives in a red house, a blue man lives in a blue house..... a green man lives in a green house. Then who lives in the white house? A black man
Why did the grinch cross the road? HE HAS TOO MUCH LONGER LEG !!!!
A hippie is walking along A Hippy is walking along wearing one shoe. Another hippy sees him and calls out, 'Hey man, you lose a shoe?' ""Nope, found one""
You guys can laugh at my cargo pants all you want, but I just walked out of Taco Bell with 350 sauce packets.
I got jury duty next week My duty is to convince the jury that I didn't do it.
ME: My husband says you use special traps that put the mice outside to play with their friends EXTERMINATOR [LOOKS AT HUSBAND]: umm, yeaahh
Why didn't Rivendell help Gondor? Elfish reasons.
Why is the blood of christ wine? Because he drank religiously
What does Mrs Dracula say to Mr Dracula when  he leaves for work in the evening? Have a nice bite!
A fireman's pole is a stripper's pole that takes you places.
My extra sensitive toothpaste cries when I don't brush my teeth
What do you get when you cross a slaughterhouse worker and a bad comedian? A bunch of butchered jokes
Weird Question in Exam Q) What do you find in cells? My Ans) Black People . . . I dont know why do they ask such weird questions in biology.
How do you kill a vampire dinosaur? You stakeasaurus.
Cop: You know why I pulled you over sir? Me: Because you suck at finding rapists, murders, molesters, thieves, and arsonists?
Why shouldn't you talk to someone with a brain tumor?.... ..because they've got a lot on their mind.
""Yoda, are we supposed to be here?"" ""Off course we are.""
You should be able to get out of a speeding ticket if you can prove you were listening to a kick-ass song.
Art imitates life. Imitation is the highest form of flattery. Flattery will get you nowhere. So GOOD LUCK WITH THAT ART DEGREE!
Why does Donald Trump dislike Bernie Sanders? Chickens tend to avoid anything with the last name ""Sanders"".
My masturbation addiction is getting bad I'm right in the grips of it.
""NO HOMO"" i scream at my dog Homo as he shits on the carpet
Why was six afraid of seven? It wasn't. Numbers are not sentient and thus incapable of feeling fear.
I really envy Gay couples At least then both people like anal. I have to keep pulling my girlfriends thumb out of my ass.
I saw Death walking out of my house today... I guess Grandma won. Again.
What i if told you You the read first line wrong And the second
Trampolines used to be called jumpolines Until your mom jumped on one back in 1972.
Do you know how I know that diarrhea is genetic? It runs in your jeans.
Who wins most of the medals for bravery in Burger Land? The meatball heros!
My computer made a funny sound the other day. Of course I've never heard it get thrown out a window before.
Why don't chickens wear underwear? Because their peckers are on their faces.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take -Jenny Mccarthy
I'm trying to envision something more fitting than this election actually ending in a Biden-Trump fist fight and i cannot
So how long do I have to microwave this spider before I let it bite me?
twitter getting rid of the 140-character limit is a bad idea. the ability to say what you need to say in as few words as possible is (1/533)
""The captain of the Titanic just checked into an iceberg on Foursquare with 2,224 other people."" - Twitter, 1912
That awkward moment when I'm really drunk and you're still ugly.
I dropped my bowl of SpaghettiOs and it spelled 'oooooooo' on the floor. Spooky
Just learned the Finnish have a word ""Kalsarikannit"" which means getting drunk alone at home in underwear. Signing immigration forms now.
Luke, I am your uncle. Luke, I am your third cousin. Luke, I am your grandmother. - Skywalker family reunion
I wonder how many identical twins are walking around now with the wrong names because their parents got them confused as infants and never figured it out.
What genius named it a ""news feed"" on Facebook and not ""bullshit""?!
What does a frog do when it barbecues? Rib it...duh!
A man walks into a bar sits down and orders a drink. He asks the bartender ""are you into incest?"" the bartender pours him his drink and says ""relatively.""
A combo of two classics. Why did the chicken cross the road? To go to your house. .................. Knock knock. (Who's there?) The chicken!
People who put a shitload of bumper stickers on the back of their vehicles love to loudly refer to God as a ""she"" in public places.
The term ""Expecting a baby"" implies uncertainty. Like we're almost sure it's a baby, but could also be a bushel of potatoes, who knows
What's the difference between a cow, and 9/11? You can't milk a cow for 14 years.
Accidentally left creatine out on the counter overnight and there's a bigass 3"" tall ant in my kitchen calling me bro now... scared to go in
What did the lawyer name his daughter? Sue
90 people have swine flu and everybody wants to wear a mask. A million people have AIDS and nobody wants to wear a condom.
In my day, you actually had to leave your house to be a whore. Thanks, internet.
What were the Mexican crisps doing in the locked conference room? It's nacho business!
I teased Peyton Manning so he broke my phone. Now it'll never go past one ring....
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg? Pick it up and suck it's dick.
How tall does the grass grow in Germany? Nein feet tall.
I started to sing the poop song Dad said it was crappy.
It's illegal to tie your children to things but you can basically do the same by buying them a phone with a short charger and a bad battery.
Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana BATMAN! Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana BATMAN! -Me, sorting through my grandma's mail.
What's Batman's least favourite album? A Night at the Opera.
Given the number of tampon's wrappers in our trash either my wife is searching for the 1 with a Golden Ticket or shit just got real.
I am... A joke !
I have a car! I had a car, Untill i woke up
Where did the Fonz go for his drinking problem? A-AAAAAAYYYYYYYY
Philippe Petit walked between the twin towers in 1974, big deal, I can do that today with no training. Just made that up, I hope it's not too soon.
Where do pigs park their cars? In porking lots.
Fun Super Bowl Game: Every time they show Ray Lewis on the screen, stab someone in your party and then deny it was you.
The average person swallows over 4,000 spiders each year. More than that. Tens of thousands. Hundreds of thousands of spiders. It's crazy.
I named my dick ""The Truth"" Because bitches can't handle it.
I know a really good joke Braden
GOP Debate Donald Trump has a big dick. Donald Trump implied that Marco Rubio had a tiny penis Ted Cruz ate a booger THE ARISTOCRATS!!!
Medical humour Q. What do you call a white blood cell with one leg? A. A limp-phocyte. (You're welcome)
HOT! dog what did the dog say about sexy dog to is friend wow look at that hot dog
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish Highlander? Mick Jagger sings, ""Hey you, get off of my cloud . . "", while the Scottish Highlander yells, ""Hey McCloud, get off of my ewe!""
If your bathroom mirror doesn't look like a Jackson Pollock painting, you're not flossing right.
Pacman went to a therapist to help his anger management. She said: ""Next time you feel angry just waka-way""
Coke is just cherry coke after it's lost its virginity.
I went for a run and got back two minutes later because I forgot something, I forgot I'm fat and can't run for more than two minutes.
Not going to any more weddings or funerals. Please keep that in mind, friends who are considering getting married or dying.
What phrase would a neckbeard who watches South Park use the most? M'Kay
Why are fish so gullible? They fall for things hook line and sinker!
What position does the pig play in football?  Loinback.
I love 80s Rock It always makes me Bon Jovial
A couple have a lot of sex They challenge each other to see who can have the most sex in a month. The woman wins. Some say she cheated.
What language do birds speak ? Pigeon English !
There's an omelet in the fridge. I want it. However, I can't have it... It's eggspired.
What's the difference between men and women when watching video? The phrase ""I went through a whole box of tissues watching that film."" usually has a completely different meaning.
JUDGE: put ur hand on this book and promise not to lie PERSON WHO IS IN COURT LITERALY FOR LYING ABOUT THINGS: uh...... ok
What's the most popular website in Illinois? Cornhub.com
Why is the Mississippi so wide? Because Mr. Sippi is hung like a horse.
4: I'M GONNA RIP YOUR EYEBALLS OUT Me: Stop yelling violent things 4: *whispers* I'm gonna rip your eyeballs out
And on the 7th day God rested, but the children did not rest. So on Monday God made school and He sent the kids and all the people rejoiced.
No punchline needed. Did you hear Micheal J Fox got a new job working as James Bond bartender.....
Why do chicken coops only have two doors? If they had 4 doors they'd be chicken sedans.
It is a good thing butt cracks are vertical... If they were horizontal, we would hear clapping every time someone used the stairs.
I don't like how girls always want the guy to make the first move. Sometimes I just want to play as black.
When my dad caught me smoking a cigarette he took me out to the shed and forced me to teach him how to be hella cool.
Whenever we eat hummus my girlfriend always says to me.... HUMMUS IS YUMMUS!!!!!
Why did the communists trip over? Because they were Russian!
What has five arms, three legs and a head? The finish line at the Boston Marathon
Wife: that's never going to work Husband: you're so negative, Sandra W: you're planting bird seeds H: LET ME GROW MY BIRDS, WOMAN
Soup Person1 my alphabet soup is telling me a message. Person 2 what is it saying? Person1: oooooo Person 2 *sigh* Those are cheerios
What do you call a bird that speaks Spanish? A Si-gull
Did ya hear about the woman with five legs? Her knickers fitted her like a glove.
What's the difference between hard and light? I can go to sleep with a light on.
Why did the nurse always insist on  using the rectal thermometer to obtain temperatures? Because nurses are taught in nursing school to always look for her patient's best side.
When the zombies want Twisties! take a look on this zombies viral video, serious feedback please :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdRiM_BPbQ8
Why does the letter ""r"" make all the difference between Friday and Sunday? payday vs prayday.
My toddler found a bottle of Axe body spray I got as a free sample, and now she's wearing a Tapout T-shirt and calling everyone ""bro.""
Catch Up or Catch It What do you do meet an old friend? What do you do when someone throws a ball? What do you put on a hamburger? What do you find in a litter box?
I set them up, you...
The 2016 election What a joke, am I right?
Whores on first, sluts on second, idle hos on third.
What did the guy from Northern Canada have to say about the place? He wanted Nunavut.
People keep telling me PHP is a dirty language... Until I shove a string up there asses and turn it into a multidimensional array.
Where do Peek-a-boo patients go? The ICU.
What do you get when you cross a mosquito with a mountain climber? Nothing. You can't cross a vector and a scalar
If you had to steal a bike from someone, who would it be? A black guy, because it's probably already stolen.
What's the difference between a public park and a public toilet? I need to know before my court date on Monday.
Trying to think of a joke about jerking off... I'm sure it will come.
I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West... ...could have been avoided completely if cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone.
What do hard-working grocery store clerks get every year? A celery increase.
Remember the 7-Mile Spanking Machine? Turns out there will also be a punch line.
This venomous snake is pretty scary. What can we do to make it even scarier? Put a toy for babies on its tail. YES
When I go to Starbucks, I tell them my name is Marco. When my drink is ready and they call my name, I just keep saying Polo.
In 1993, I saw a toddler slip on ice and land on a cat, but I didn't have any social media outlet to tell people about it. So, here it is.
Ever had Ethiopian food? Neither have they.
What is worse, ignorance or indifference? I don't know and I don't care
Two mosquitoes were buzzing round when they saw a drunken man. One said to the other ""You bite him ? I'm driving.""
..because I always go through the punch-line first I'm usually buzzed by the end of the cake-line..
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt Sr have in common? Each of their last big hits was the wall.
What do you get when you mix /r/pokemon and /r/gonewild? PP up
What do you call a Black man that walks by a Cop? A Pencil cause he's full of lead!
I went to an AA meeting I met a lot of batteries
It's only perverted if she says no..
What keeps the KKK happy? A Klan-do attitude... I'll walk myself out.
wife: Why is 9 crying? me: Because it's raining and he's getting wet wife: But we're at a water park me *takes a drink from my flask* Yep
hey Colorado, hows your aspen? (ass been)
What do you call a masterbating cow? Beef stroganoff
I think my husband cheated on me. Not one of our kids resembles him at all...
The dalai lama walks into a pizza parlor... And he asks the cashier to make him one with everything.
I held the door open for a clown today... ...it was a nice jester.
How do you confuse a blonde? You don't. They're born that way! 
I don't want a Hot Pocket. I'd rather have a pocket with a nice sense of humor & a pleasant personality.
Yea, autocorrect, I meant ""nymph"" instead of ""my phone"" because I am a 16th Century poet.
Confucious he say... Man who walk before car gets tired, man who walk behind car gets exhausted
Deactivating your Facebook account is the new black friend.
I don't understand why women love singing ""Let it go""... ...Since most of them keep grudges for life.
How does every black joke start? By looking over your shoulder!
How many ""suh dude""s does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. It's already lit fam
What steps do you take if you encounter a bear in the wild? Fucking big ones!
Why should the lower 48 states be the lower 46? Because Washington and Colorado aren't low, they're quite high!
My last days. If I ever end up on life support unplug me. Then plug me back in again and see if that works. REBOOT me baby!
The Dirty Dancing lift, except I'm throwing her off a cliff.
I really hate it when my gay friends joke about docking... It really gets under my skin.
Why do teenage girls not like filing papers? They just don't believe in labels.
What do you call a group of squid? A squad
Q: Why don't Deputy Fire Marshals look out the window in the morning? A: So they have something to do in the afternoon.
Apparently, Cesar Milan, the Dog Whisperer is divorced. I guess she was the only bitch he couldn't train.
How many X does it take to change a light bulb? N! One to change the light bulb, and n-1 to display stereotypical behavioral traits of X!
Apparently, 4.665642(1) out of 7.4 people overcomplicate things.
What do you say to a black guy after washing his dog? Yo dawg I washed yo dog.
Now that food has replaced sex in my life, I can't even get into my own pants.
A Jewish kid asks his Jewish Dad for 50$... His dad says ""40$? What do you need 20$ for?""
My girlfriend said she's fed up of me pretending im a detective, and we should split up... I told her that's a great idea, we can cover more ground that way.
What do you call a joke that makes fun of a woman, who has not consented to be made fun of? ...misogynistic.
If you Happy and you know it thank your ex!
How is a 9 volt battery and a woman's anus similar You know it's wrong, but sooner or later you're going to put your tongue on it
Why did the Soviets decide to be Russian? Cuz they got tired of Stalin.
What's the difference between a straight man's moustache and a gay man's moustache? The smell.
what do you call a spicy wrap made at an Indian takeaway? currito
Someone at the men's outfitter just called me 'MISS' on the phone... ... ehh at least I don't sound married!
A priest and a rabbi are walking past a play ground. and the priest says, "" do you want to go fuck some kids?"" and the rabbi replies, ""out of what?""
How to ask for a raise Employee: Sir, I really need a salary increment, 4 companies are after me. Boss: Which 4? Employee: Electricity, Gas, Cable, Credit Card.
What's brown and sounds like a bell? DUNG!
What disease do terrible parkers have? parkin'sins
What is the definition of trust? Two cannibals going down on one another
What was Princess Diana's favorite thing about the Xbox 360? The dashboard.
Plastic silverware: because the only thing I hate more than poisoning the environment is washing dishes.
What is green and smells like red paint? Green paint. Haha
I used to go to Weight Watchers to meet women. There were tons of girls there, just not very many.
I wouldn't want to fly Virgin. Who'd want to fly an airline that doesn't go all the way?
A blind guy walks into a bar... Then a table, a chair...
I'm white. But I'm not NASCAR fan white.
It's so hot I just saw two trees fighting over a dog.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Astor ! Astor who ? Astor the ball is over !
What did Ray Rice say the first time he met his girlfriend? ""Dayuum. I'd hit that.""
OMG you guys. I just got asked out. By a real live guy. I don't know what to do!? Play dead? Duck and roll? I'm so confused!!
Drugs made me responsible. If it weren't for drugs I might have never started working at 15.
Why didn't the schizo cross the road He was in two minds about it.
Every joke posted on this sub is stolen from Sickipedia. If you are going to steal someones joke at least give credit.
I'm deeply in love with you. But hard deeply, like demented. Kind of sick if you know what I mean. I will most probably end up carving you up. Want a coffee?
How to Get a Girlfriend: Out at Sea Me: *rocks boat* Her: Hey! Me: *rocks faster* Her: Can we PLEASE go steady? Me: I do.
What is it called when a turtle is mentally retarded? Reptile disfunction. .
I have a friend who's half Indian. Ian
The basketball shot clock was invented in 1954 after a player hid the ball under his shirt for 48 minutes and told everyone he was pregnant.
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office... completely naked, but wrapped in plastic wrap. The psychiatrist looks him and down and says...I can clearly see your nuts.
Confusious say ""Man who eat many prunes sit on toilet many moons.""
I'm writing a song about milking a cow. It's all quarter notes.
What do horses eat on the internet? Hayy lmao
Why don't shrimp give anything to charity? Because they're shellfish.
A Rabbi's money maker. A man asks a Rabbi if he gets paid for the circumcisions. The Rabbi says - No, I can't do that! I just Keep the tips!
A Mexican walked into a Polish store and greeted every one. He was handed a sausage. Edit: Ok I will walk myself out...
The man on TV said if you drink alcohol every day, you're probably an alcoholic. Phew! I only drink every night.
Chuck Norris Children usually write there name in the snow with pee Chuck Norris writes his name in pee on concrete
Why could Darren jump higher than Zeus? because he was mortall.
My work out class has a cancellation policy of $15 if you cancel too late. Which means I just spent $15 NOT to work out. I am my own hero.
Why does Paris have tree lined streets? Because the German army likes to march in the shade.
Why couldn't the lumberjack sign into Facebook? Because he was logged out!
Her: Dude, back off. You're totally scaring away all the hot guys checking me out at the gym. Me: You do realize I'm your boyfriend right?
Her: Welcome to McDonalds sir, may I take your order? Me: *hands her a shovel with mouth agape* ALL. THE. FRIES.
What does spinach and buttsex have in common ? No matter how it's done, kids don't like it
What do you call a girl without boobs? **Justin Bieber**
What was the bear protesting? his right to human arms
I had the best ice cube It's like it could melt in my mouth
Crude oil is the worst kind of oil because it says offensive things while it pollutes the water and ruins our planet.
What's worse than finding a worm in your Apple? Finding half a worm in your Apple.
I really want a Popsicle but I'm so not in the mood for Freezer Jenga.
What was the rock band doing at the kitchen sink? Moshing the dishes
If at first you dont succeed, then skydiving probably isn't for you!
What is the only correct answer to the question 'Are you ticklish?' I have explosive diarrhea.
What do you call an angry psychologist? A thera-pissed.
""Why?"" - Socrates and four year-olds
What do you call a torturer who says a lot of puns. A PUNisher
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
[Interview] Why do you want this job? Me: *opens briefcase* I don't. *pulls out Snickers* I just wanted to eat this without my kids around
A young woman rolled her eyes towards me, So I picked them up and rolled them back.
I'm really bad at measuring the correct amount of pasta, so if you and 79 of your friends want spaghetti tonight, come on over.
This one got my coworkers The stewardess on my flight asked me what snack I would like. I told her ""The plain chips would be fine. She says ""They are all plane chips, sir.""
""Doc, my boyfriend & I don't wanna get pregnant. He hates condoms & I think the jelly isn't working."" ""What kind are you using?"" ""Grape""
How do you know if someone's an engineer without asking them? Don't worry they'll tell you
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman? Snowballs
What was the last thing that went through Osama Bin Ladens head before he died? I hope they're all female...
Why were people in the Twin Towers so upset? They ordered pepperoni but all they got was plane
wife: im pregnant me: what? im not ready to be a mother we still have petty arguments wife: im the mother me: this is what I'm talking about
What is a Jewish delima? A free ham.
I need to order faster internet then :D Lag makes you violent, not the games :D
If you like a lot of chocolate on your biscuit..... .....join the Euphemism Society.
Q: Why can't you play Uno with a Mexican? A: They steal all the green cards.
How many tickles does it take an octopus to laugh? Tentickles
What do you call it when a Catholic remodels his kitchen? A counter reformation.
Why did I throw my phone out of my window? Because I turned on airplane mode, and thought it would turn my Iphone into a plane...
What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and a Scottish sheep farmer? One says, 'Hey! You! Get off of my cloud!' The other says 'Hey! MacLeod! Get off of my ewe.'
If a man says he will fix it, he will. There's no need to remind him every six months
DEAD BABY JOKES: So what's the difference between a dead baby and dirt? **I don't eat dirt.**
Whats the closest a Mexican will ever be to happiness? The border.
So I tickled my little brothers feet this morning... ... my mom got pissed and told me to wait until he was born.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? Addictionary
A guy wins a contest s] \ A guy wins a contest at home depot Home depot manager:""Alright sir for your prize would you rather have a ladder or 1 million dollars?"" Man:""I'll take the latter.""
I'm quitting drinking for good. Now I drink for evil.
If I got karma for posts... I'd still have no karma
Why do support meetings for premature ejaculation always start on time? Because the members come early.
Why are cops so bad at pool? Because they can't resist hitting the black ball.
Why was the Energizer Bunny arrested? He was charged with battery. XD
I'm blonde. What's your excuse?
I can't believe that... after all the times my girlfriend called me ""daddy"", she still didn't get me anything for Father's Day.
I own far too many ""....For Dummies"" books to have healthy self esteem.
My mum fed me yeast and put me in the oven. Just how I was raised.
I finally talked to my crush today I told her that she smells different when she's awake
How many people from Brazil does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A Brazilian!
You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose but you might not be able to do either if your hands are severely disfigured.
Why did the.. Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side
What do you call a Mexican on a bridge? Spic and span
What do you call 88 rednecks in an orgy? A family reunion.
My girlfriend is in the hospital after she ate a giant bacon cheese burger. It was mine.
I told the 8 clowns in a tiny cop car to ""clown arrest me! Take me to clown jail!"" And they did. Bail has been set at 150 banana cream pies.
Dolls teach girls very unrealistic body standards. A Russian doesn't have to have many tiny Russians inside her to be beautiful.
*Getting a tattoo* Me(to tattoo artist)-Do you ever make the bzzz-sounds with your mouth when you're using a regular pen on your spare time?
I started downloading Jaws the other day But after one megabyte, my computer died.
I've decided not to have children The kids are devastated.
The local flasher in my area was going to retire this week but he's changed his mind and is going to stick it out till Christmas.
Other people's children are my form of birth control.
What is the difference between a crazy bunny and a counterfeit banknote? One is bad money and the other is a mad bunny!
If I ever get a dog I'm going to teach him how to fetch useful things like tv remotes, iPhones and men who like red wine.
Please pray for my friends' 4-year-old. They found out today 7 minutes of his life wasn't photographed or videotaped and put on Facebook.
What do you say to a bodybuilder to get him to repeat you? No Whey
Yes, it might be the wrong word but at least it is spelled correctly - autocorrect
Alzheimer Joke (Not sure if repost.) I'll see myself out...
The banana asked the vibrator... The banana asked the Vibrator ""Why are *you* shaking, shes going to *eat* me!""
if you hold an empty gatorade bottle up to your ear you can hear the sports
Don't beat your cock That little pecker might stand erect in spite of your firm grip and come to stick its beak in your big brown eyes.
it is a joyous occasion when the lava in my lava lamp randomly forms a perfect dick and balls
My corduroy pillow has been making headlines all week.
What did JFK say about his multiple affairs? ""I did them not because they were easy, but because I was hard.""
A Lion Air flight which overshot a runway in Bali crash landed in the ocean Saturday... and now it's just Lion there.
My friend is looking for a single, normal, well adjusted man. I told her to avoid twitter.
Knock knock, Who's there? Harper Lee (Author of ""To kill a mockingbird"") Harper Lee, who? Harper Lee I can fly....
I posted a joke about a coffin before on reddit It got buried
What kind of shoe does Mr. T wear? T-shoes!
Why is flour so dumb? It's inbred.
A pack of coyotes shrieking at 3:12 AM is less unsettling if you instead imagine it's a bachelorette party that just got a limo upgrade.
Knock knock... Who's there? Smell mop. Smell mop who? (Wait for inevitable groans) Courtesy of my boss, lover of lame jokes.
Me: I think the coolest sport is horse golf Guy: do you mean polo? Me: [realizing he isn't classy enough to know about horse golf] yes
If Bernie Sanders is elected president, I want to spend a weekend at the White House and film it. I'll call it ""Weekend at Bernie's""
People who say ""no regrets"" just have too many regrets to keep track of.
DATE: *gets in car* ME: hi *starts driving* DATE: how's it going? ME: first, gas is sparked in the combustion chamber to push the pistons
How do man-eating monsters count to a thousand? On their warts.
The minus sign tried to explain to the plus sign how multiplication works, ... ... but he only understood sum of it.
I've not smoked weed in two year, during that time I've completed sooooo much ...................... drunk
I can't remember what 51, 6 and 500 are in Roman numerals... ...fucking livid...
Gay guys don't listen to girls talk either, but we do have the good sense to say ""I know, right?!"" while we wait for our turn to talk.
Pavlov is sitting at a pub enjoying a pint
What do you call a Mexican little person? A paragraph because he isn't a full ese (essay)...
In my opinion Scotland should be independent, otherwise Mel Gibson died for nothing
Instagram now has video! I'm going to film the hell out of this salad!
I never get tired of my old Tweets getting RT'd so I know musicians never get tired of hearing their songs being played on the radio.
Miami football Heh heh heh.
How are Harambe and the iPhone the same? it only took one extra hole to kill them both
""And why did you join our gym?"" to stay healthy a friend recommended it I've seen myself naked
There's a new app that tells you which of your friends are racist. It's called Facebook.
Have you heard about the drought in Yemen? The UN is giving out a lot of Yemen aid.
What do you call a kind rock Gneiss
Just left a note on the ex's car saying ""I STILL LOVE YOU"" hope it doesn't go unnoticed. I keyed it in pretty deep.
Coming out of the closet would be a lot easier... if my wardrobe wasn't so fabulous!
After nearly three months of trying... ...my wife just told me that she's pregnant!! She has the worst stutter ever!
Dear Life...Would you at least start using lubricant....
If Alcoholics Had Written The Declaration Of Independence would we have government of the pickled, by the pickled, and for the pickled?
What, according to Freud, comes between fear and sex? ...funf.
Good thing I don't see any political posts on my news feed In fact, my Myspace friends haven't really posted much since 2010.
:O + :P = 69 Simple math
Bill Cosby was actually gonna be in a Marvel movie He was gonna play Sandman.
Of course size matters. No one wants a small pizza.
What do you call an Italian with no arms? Deaf
I've never met an exam I've liked... They've all been too testy for me.
NSFW The joke you'd never tell someone in person. I'll start What does a baby's vagina smell like? *Lean in, blows softly in your face*
Uniformed personnel walk a fine line between being ignorant and being out of shape. Add a letter and they're uninformed. Take one away and they're unformed.
I am not the same person at 8am and 8pm.
""Steak and Shake"" great burgers and also a good way to kill baby vampires.
Are you addicted to masturbation? Reach out to me and we can beat it together.
At 23:59 31.12.2015 I raised my left foot off the ground Just to be sure I start 2016 on the right foot
How are one night stands like savings accounts? ...you make a deposit, withdrawal, then lose interest.
Me: What did you learn in kindergarten today? 5-year-old: A doughnut would help me remember. Apparently she learned bribery.
I wish women would put the toilet seat back up after they're done using it.
My phone autocorrected ""killed"" to ""kilt""... Well plaid, phone... Well plaid.
I'm no computer expert, but spreadsheets are really where I Excel
You can't spell Chipotle without E. Coli
Is that dress white and gold or black and blue? Either way, it's refressing seeing a debate about color in America that wasn't started by a cop killing someone. @NatBaimel
What's a dragracers favourite meal? Brake-fast
I'm going on a seafood diet for the holidays... that is, I see food and I eat it.
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord. My ass!
Just heard they're investigating a slaughterhouse in California for animal cruelty. IT'S A SLAUGHTERHOUSE
What do they call a bunch of Mississippi football players standing in a circle holding hands? A dope ring.
Nuts I like: -Cashew. -Almond. -Pistachio. Nuts I don't like: -Hairy. -Religious.
Took me three hours to drive home through the snow, but it was worth it because when I got home, my family totally ignored me.
This tub of margarine doesn't believe it's me.
i hope the guy behind me in line doesn't think i'm a weird cat lady cause my cart's full of fancy feast. i just like the way it tastes, dude
2 Scientists walk into a bar... The first one tells the bartender, ""I'd like some H2O"" Upon hearing that, the second scientist says, ""I'd like some water too. Jimmy, we're not in the lab anymore...""
What do you say when a virgin sneezes? Goesintight.
Not to play the martyr, but I feel like the thousands of fruit flies in my kitchen should be more appreciative for all I have given them.
What do you call a two dentists that live on opposite sides of the world? Molar opposites.
If college football created a bowl game called the ""Hyperbole" which two teams would be selected to play in it? The two greatest teams in the history of the known universe.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Albee ! Albee ! Albee a monkey's uncle !
I called the rape advice hotline... ...Turns out it's only for victims. Edit:: Guys relax! Its JUST A JOKE.
CNN just wondered if I'm sending disasters to punish you for your sins. No, I'm sending them to punish you for CNN.
My school janitor is a part-time pianist. He has 88 keys.
Her: My father is very upset that I'm your girlfriend. Me: Well, duh, I'm very upset that you're my girlfriend...
what's that word for when you're peeling off a sticker & it comes off in 1 perfect strip & it's better than love or joy or any human emotion
What is worse than a worm in your apple? The Holocaust
What's the difference between a headmaster and  a poisonous snake ? You can make a pet out of a snake !
I'll try to explain the concept of lubricated soap.... ...but its quite difficult to grasp.
Why is it so expensive to live in Ireland? Cause they keep *Dublin* the taxes.
I just ate four cans of alphabet soup... ...and just had the largest vowel movement ever.
The clearer your conscience, the more likely you are to answer a call from an unknown number.
Irish joke So three Irish men walk out of a bar
If someone upsets you, write a nasty letter and file it away before you say something you might regret. Then punch the person in the face.
I like my women how I like my drinks Soft and extra large.
How do you stop a rhino from charging? You take away its USB cable.
What did one tampon say to the other? Nothing...They're both stuck up cunts.
People think having crabs is a bad thing. Still, at least something's sucking my cock.
I was in the middle of a selfie and my mother walked in, now all she can say is ""don't worry son everyone's doing that.""
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl when it pees? Because the p is silent.
Marijuana is the answer! (I don't remember the question)
Parallel lines have so much in common, it's a shame they'll never meet :(
I always squat on the floor, wrap my arms around my knees and lean forward Cause that's how I roll.
""Fuck it"" - guy in charge of naming the hot air balloon
Who Has a Chance for the Title: The World's First Gay Ass Motherfucker? Brody Jenner, Bruce's / Caitlyn's son First joke posted.
What do you call a woman that doesn't make me a sandwich? An ambulance.
Today someone told me that I was ignorant and apathetic. I don't know what that means and I don't care.
What's the difference between a good joke and click bait? This isn't a good joke.
Being in love is amazing, the way it takes your breath away, closes your air passages and renders you unconscio--no, wait, that's asthma.
Why do all polish names end in ski? Because they can't spell toboggan (This joke brought to you by a 90 yr old polish man I take care of at a nursing home)
How many American golf fans does it take to change a lightbulb? 1001 1 to offer up the bulb and 1000 to scream 'Get in the hole'
Room service: Would you like your glass of wine before din...Me:(interrupting) YES.
nurse: are you allergic to any medicine? me: laughter nurse: hahaha. OH MY GOD- me [face swelling up]: i thold thou.
My gf said ""tie me up and do what you want"" so I duct taped her to the headboard and went to the bar
How do Mexicans cut pizza? Little Caesars (say it out loud)
Joke of the day Doctor! You've got to help me! Nobody ever listens to me. No one ever pays any attention to what I have to say. Doctor: Next please!
When life hands you donkeys, move to a mountainous region.
That which does not kill me... should run.
First ghoul: You don't look too well today. Second ghoul: No I'm dead on my feet.
Cop - ""sir, are you a salamander?"" Me - [is 9 inches long. enjoys a mixed diet of earthworms, flies, beetles and vegetation]
What's the safest place in Dallas during a tornado? The Cowboys stadium, the only place there'll never be a touchdown
I can eat anything in the house unless it was specifically bought for my wife but the only way to know it's for her is to eat it. Apparently
Cats are just dogs who've been to drama school.
What's cold and always runs from a fight? Coward ice.
Sorry about this in adavance What part of a vegetable **can't** you eat? The wheelchair
People say I'm the Lebron James of Comedy... Because I'm balding and Delonte West had sex with my mother
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer....... I'm not sure what he laced them with but I've been trippin' all day
What do I say when my favorite spice knocks on the door? Cumin!
Two gay deer walk out of a bar... One turns to the other and says ""damn dude, I cant beleive you blew twenty bucks in there""
What do you call having sex in a canoe? Bud Light, because it's fucking close to water.
Did you hear about the popcorn that was demoted? He used to be a kernel.
7/11 was a part time job
I got accused of date rape once in college, but that's ridiculous. It wasn't a date.
Have you ever heard of the similarities between a choo choo tran and a brthday? Neither have i
I wish I hadn't spoken French to my cat. Now he thinks he's the king of Iran.
A farmer plants a field of dildos. What does he get? Squatters.
Pokemon GO is a blatant ripoff of another popular app... called Tinder, where you also swipe to find monsters in your area.
How do you kill a hipster? By drowning it in the mainstream
What did the egg say to the boiling water? It's gonna take me a minute to get hard, I just got laid by a chicken
Have you heard about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
do u know the muffin man the muffin man the muffin man do u know the muffin man that lives on d-d-d-d-d-d DROP THE BASS *club goes nuts*
If I can use dollar bills to make it rain, are dollar coins golden showers?
You know what they say about killing bees... It's a real buzzkill.
They are starting to print new Euro notes... ...on grease proof paper.
The woman's bumper sticker claimed she was pro-life... ...but her reckless driving suggested otherwise.
Apologising Made Simple by Thayer Thorry
If the police police police police, who polices the police police? Police police police police police police.
Don't kid yourself vegans. If a cow got the chance he'd eat you and everyone you know
How does Jesus pull mad bitches? Because he's hung like this! ( extends both arms horizontally)
Why couldn't the Japanese guy see his car? Because he had a cataract!
What's the difference between a Penis and a paycheck? After five years your Wife will still blow your paycheck
A man who forgets his wife's birthday is  certain to get something to remember her by.
Boss: You're late! M: It's 6.30am B: You start at 6am! M: I know but that's just crazy. This is better for me. And now we wait for HR.
What is Pat Sajak's favorite Christmas carol? No L
Just got hired on at a high end restaurant, my main job so far has been oyster preparation And I've gotta say, it really shucks
i couldn't tell you, officer, they were wearing masks, they could have been any group of armed anthropomorphic turtles
Q: You go to a cockfight. How do you know if a  Polak is there? A: He's the one with a duck.
Don't worry if you're not part of a clique. You can get the same experience by running through a minefield.
The biggest difference between men and women is what comes to mind when the hear the word FACIAL
Girls think I'm ugly, until they find out how much money I make... ...then they think I'm ugly and poor.
What is the worst thing to come across whilst surfing the web? Your keyboard!! (credits to NCS)
Why do clowns make bad entrepreneurs? Because they're into some funny business
Ugh! I always think of the best comebacks when I'm burying the body.
Math proves girls are evil
I read that burglars use Twitter & Facebook to see when people arent home. So from now on, Im at home. With a rifle. And a hungry crocodile.
""Hi, I'd like a Junior McChicken and a cheeseburger please."" ""$3.23."" ""Oh, and a bottle of water."" ""$87.54. Please drive thru.""
What is the appropriate response to a great performance at the Special Olympics? A handiclap
Being a bachelor is dangerous. I pulled a groin muscle while getting out of bed. Over and over and over....
""Mah son's real smart!"" crowed the redneck  mother to an acquaintance. ""He's only six but he can already spell  his name backwards and forwards!"" ""What's his name?"" asked the  friend. ""Bob.""
Did you guys hear about the homeopath who forgot to take his meds? He died of an overdose.
I saw a gay bar with the entrance boarded up, but it was open... Everyone goes in the back door anyway
5yo: I can't wear those socks today. They say Wednesday. Me: If anyone notices, tell them you're here from the future to save the world.
One sneeze: Bless you. Two sneezes: Ugh, bless you. Three sneezes: Silence. Four sneezes: We'll never be as close as we once were.
Restless leg syndrome does not give you the right to swiftly kick people whenever you feel like it. I know that now.. 
Single life might be lonely, but at least I'm always with my favorite person
Terrifying to think that every Chinese person is a deadly karate-bomb, just waiting for the slightest provocation to explode.
What's the best thing about fucking twenty eight year olds? There's twenty of 'em!
Why do skinny men like fat women? Because they need warmth in winter and shade in summer.
I like my coffee how I like my women Without a penis.
Why do Scottish men wear kilts? Because sheep can hear zippers.
What's black, white, and red all over? A penguin in a blender
BERNIE: all people deserve to be treated equally HILLARY: the oposite of ""bernie sanders"" is ""soakey waterers"" BERNIE: ... HILLARY: pls fav/rt
If a man masseur refuses to give a massage to a woman Is he a misogynist?
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta!
I fought the law, and it turns out they have better resources than I do.
What do you call a robot dressed in drag? A transition metal.
I just read a book about Stockholm Syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I kinda liked it.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
I just realized I'm a bisexual. Every time I have sex, I have to buy it.
A man orders a coffee without milk. The barista replies, ""I'm sorry, we're out of milk. Can I get you a coffee without cream instead?""
Two clocks are sitting around, when a man walks up the man takes away the clocks little hands and walks away. The clocks then yell at him, saying ""You can't do that, it's hours!""
GF: I'm moving out if you don't stop pretending you work at a supermarket. ME: Ok. Do you need any help with your packing?
The Proclaimers walked 500 miles without a Fitbit?
I want to play checkers today so I can say ""Martin Luther King me!""
Why did ISIS invade Antarctica? They saw a documentary about penguins and thought the continent was full of devout Islamic women.
What do you call two black guys on a bike? Organized crime
I'm getting a new appreciation for black and white films... I just watched jungle fever and I loved it!!!
If we didn't have lawyers... We wouldn't need lawyers!
""You look like a million bucks"", said Bill Gates disappointedly to his wife.
A man is shot... He recently converted to islam.
Why is it better to be fat than skinny? Because the pros LITERALLY outweigh the cons!
What do you call sleep walking nun? Roaming Catholic
Someone called me a pussy Well, you are what you eat
So i was making a software to help people to stop procrastinating and never finished it.
Two scientists walk into a bar. One asks for H2O, and the other asks for H2O too. They both die because the bar was in Flint, Michigan
What do you call a Canadian singer eating French mustard on the roof? Ceiling Dijon.
Pi-ku Math is fun When Mixed with some pie
TIL Abortion doctors are also called spawn campers
My wife says I snore really bad, so I stayed awake all night to see if she if she was right. Turns out she's a liar, I didn't snore once.
""Hell, yes."" ...the devil answered the phone.
What's the hardest thing on a cowboy? The 4th grade.
What's long, dark, hard and grotesque but very satisfying to beat? Bloodborne
Drunk Guy Guy: Dude I Wasn't That Drunk, Friend:Dude U Were WAtching TV And Laugh, Guy: Sooo -_-, Friend : The TV Wasn't On
Girl in the locker room put her pants on the floor and tried to hop into them. I was going to call her awesomepants, but coma girl works too
Constipated people just don't give a shit.
A blonde, redhead, and brunette were looking at a dictionary for the hardest words they knew. The brunette's word was quizzical. The redhead's word was photosynthesis. The blonde's word was dick.
Girls are magic... They get wet without water, can bleed without injuries and get boneless things hard!
My girlfriend uses an amazing skin moisturizer It's like taking a handy from a baby!
What do you call a human organ cut in half ? A human piano.
Dad bought Mum a bone-china tea set for her  birthday. How lovely! Yes but he only did it so as not to have to do the washing-up. Mum's too frightened he'll break it!
There was once a zoo that only had one animal: a dog. It was a pretty Shitzu.
If I wear a wizard hat and robe to my cousin's wedding this weekend, I bet no one asks me if I'm next.
Catherine Zeta-Jones was recently diagnosed with bi-polar disorder half of the time she is Zeta, the other half shes Jones
Kid: would you rather be the Evil Queen or the Wicked Witch? M: I'd rather be the Mom K: ooh, right. Much scarier.
what do hookers and guns have in common? the customer wants the most bang for their buck.
I bet there would be a lot more wars if there weren't boobs. I haven't seen a boob in 2 days and I'm ready to kill someone.
YANKEE DOODLE: *sticks feather in his cap* This is called macaroni YANKEE DOODLE'S FRIEND: Ok, cool. Listen man, everybody's worried about u
What's the difference between a sadist and a math teacher Nothing
Cops are like women. Can't live with them, can't live without them. And they're a bunch of pussies.
I'm going to dress up as laundry next Halloween bitches love doing laundry.
My business card is just a moist slice of cantaloupe.
Why did Saul want to kill Christians? Because he was Saulty. I'll^show^^myself^^^out...
How man nihilists does it take to change a light bulb? It doesn't matter.
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's LUNAR ASSAULT and it's not funny.
My Girlfriend wanted me to give her anal. I said fuck that shit.
You should never trust a person as far as you can throw them. Needless to say, I trust the fuck out of babies.
Why is it called a ""network of computers streaming Disney movies to cows"" and not ""Moo-LAN""
I have beautiful children Thank god my wife is having affairs
Is there a scientific name for the state where you're not hungry but you want to keep eating, besides ""awake""
anything is pocket sized if your ass is big enough
I find it really hard to tell jokes on reddit. I always punch up the fuckline.
Why did Mozart kill his chickens? They were yelling ""Bach Bach Bach Bach""
Commas can change the meaning of a sentence. Example: I like to eat apples. ---&gt
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive Because she was a woman
Your mum should get tested for HIV It will be the only positive thing in her life
Me: I am sad, we don't have any cookie crumble for my ice cream. Wife: lots of things make me sad, like being married to a giant man baby
What do you call a dog with no legs? It doesn't matter. He won't come anyway.
What do you call an Irish gangster that all living systems strive for? (X /r/ScienceJokes) Homie O'Stasis.
Why did the vegetables hop into the boiling pot of water? They were part of a stewicide pact.
A: Knock knock... B: Who's there? A: Gas station security, you tore down a poster in a bathroom, give us the money in your wallets or we'll shoot you
To the guy that invented zero... Thanks for nothing.
I like my women like I like my coffee All ground up and in the freezer.
What do we say to Boris Johnson and Donald Trump running the world? Hair Hair!
Mickey: ""Minnie, I'm leaving you."" Minnie: ""What!? Are you fucking crazy!?"" Mickey: ""No, I'm fucking Daisy""
What do you call a German guy that measure horses Hands
Dad: Tall latte Barista: Sure thing. Can I get a name? Dad: What your parents didn't give you one? *all the other dad's give him high fives*
When are minorities not minorities? When you look at crime statistics.
Sorry I always spell your name Brain, guys named Brain.
I ruined tonight's chilli. My ~~brother~~ sister said it was too spicey.
RIP evaporating water. You will be mist.
Q: How many MP's does it take to change a lightbulb ? A: Twenty-one. One to change it and twenty to form a fact-finding committee to learn more about how it's done.
What do we want? Procrastination! When do we want it? We will get around to it sooner or later.
For Halloween I'm goin to go as lost weed. Cause that's everyone's nightmare.
Bananas will never talk shit about you. Not because they don't have mouths....but because they respect the choices you make.
Remember the guy who lost his left side? He's *alright* now
Did you hear about the live performance about the dictionary? I heard it was a play on words.
Why was the mother cow mad at father cow? Because she had beef with him.
That's a great river Dam it!
My husband got some virtual reality goggles for christmas and so far I like them because they make him very vulnerable to attack.
polish priest sacked by the Vatican...... Well that's really taken the shine off the pope :)
How to break into comedy Crack a joke
always carrying a megaphone in case you have to sigh at someone far away
Therapist: what was it like growing up? Me: I just [reaches for tissues] kept getting taller.
What did the BMW say to the Audi on the side of the road? Rust-in-peace.
My friend just told me he has a chocolate lab. Turns out it's a dog, not a place. Bummer.
Iggy Azalea must have an infinitely high viscosity because she got no flow.
What did the customer say to the overworked seamstress? Wow, you seamstressed out. (I'm so sorry)
Teacher: Did your father help your with your homework? Student: No, he did it all by himself.
My 6 yo just chugged a bottle of water in 30 seconds. Now I'm fearful of her college days.
I thought I saw a pizza in the sexy underwear ad. ...oops, wrong subliminal
An SEO expert walks into a bar, bars, beer garden, hangout, lounge, night club, mini bar, bar stool, tavern, pub, beer, wine, whiskey...
Where do you buy a Walrus? WalMart!
Definitions Bigamist - An Italian fog. Myfunsalow - ""I am broke"" in Italian. Innuendo - Italian for suppository.
He died doing what he loved Making toast in the shower
What is a pirate's favorite pokemon? Arrrriados
Went to get coffee for a coworker. I effed up the order, but used it as a teaching opportunity to illustrate the dangers of outsourcing.
Guy at the cake shop: So is this for a friend? Me: No, it's for me. Apparently it's weird that I've had 9 birthdays this year.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Jews? Santa Claus goes down the chimney.
Siri, where did I go wrong? Siri: How long you got?
What did Jeffery Dahmer yell when he jumped in the pool? CANNIBAL!!!
Did you ever get two pieces of shocking news at once? I just found out my sister was diagnosed with testicular cancer.
Why'd the band teacher go to jai? Because he fingered A-minor
If your toilet paper roll is on the wrong way, I'll fix it and then never come over again.
I hesitate to make fun of ""Canadian bacon" because I know they'll eventually play the ""American cheese"" card.
-I love you Juan. -I love you too bae , lets make love. -Im afraid. -But why bae? -what if I get pregnant? - I can promise you that wont happen Fernando.
How do you capture a polar bear? 1. Dig a hole in the ice. 2. Place a bunch of peas around the hole 3. When the bear comes up to take a pea, you kick him in the ice hole.
What does a gun, a fire extinguisher, and a condom have in common? Its better to have it and not need it, then to need it and not have it
Whats the difference between the FAA and a jet engine? The engine stops whining after the plane lands.
3-year-old girl My 3-year-old niece, stomping her feet in anger, making faces. Me: What's wrong ? 3-year-old: NOTHING! Phew! she's already a woman :-o
Q: Why can't a bicycle stand up? A: It is two tired.
Growing up, I had a best friend. When we first met we didn't see eye to eye, but then he grew on me.
I like my women like I like my cheese Pungent and gooey.
Fun game: Take pictures with your camera sound turned up when someone comes into the bathroom stall next to yours.
Can I fax something to you? 'Could you fax over a copy?' 'No, I can't fax because of where I live' 'Where do you live?' 'The 21st century'
I worry my life exists only so an angel can show the successful me from an alternate universe a vision of how much worse it could have been.
What's a horny pirates worst nightmare? A sunken chest with no booty
Actual ""dad"" joke from my dad What does Mickey Mouse do to Minnie Mouse after she drowns and he pulls her out of the water? Mouse to Mouse resuscitation.
What's the most dishonest place on earth? The Library
Someone should tell Pam at work that no one wants to hear how cool her boyfriend is unless she's dating a helicopter.
what do pirates have with their fish tart arrrrrrrr sauce
Lets all Twittercide at the same time & not tell a Will Smith parody account, 1 dog account, & all the zombie people just to freak him out.
What do you call it when two guys open a weed dispensary? A joint venture.
I was going to get married once... ...but then I got sick with cancer.
Me: I have NO drafts! Wife: *opens window* Me: ... Wife: *opens door* Me: ... Wife: That better? Me: I should have married your sister.
What happened when the Eskimo teens went clubbing? They got new fur coats.
What do you call an easy-going rabbit?  Hoppy-go-lucky.
Did you hear about the new Kanye track? Its the one about the lesbians riding three wheeled bicycles on a naturally occuring water dam? Its just dykes on trikes on dikes.
How many black people are needed to change a light bulb? One less now, because the one who tried to steal the light bulb was shot by the cops.
What's the difference between a Groupie and a Stalker? A penis.
3: I'm going to say hi to that boy on the bike Boy rides by & she waves shyly after he passes 3: He didn't hear me Me: Flirting's hard
I like my women like I like my coffee Overpriced and bitter
How does a tractor break up with its boyfriend? With a John Deere letter.
What's the difference between a Porsche and a trash bag full of dead babies? I don't have a Porsche in my garage.
What's Obama's favorite vegetable? Barackoli
I told all my colleagues at work that I have a twin so that when I see them in public I don't have to talk to them.
Right on, adults who are excited for Halloween. I too get excited about things meant for kids. Last week I lost my shit because I saw a frog
No, Grandma. Still not married
(Commercial for noses) *puts bump of cocaine up butt, turns to camera* ""If only there was a better way""
I bet George Washington's favorite drinking game had to have been Quarters.
GET OVER HERE thunders across the bar as a harpooned rope impales a beautiful girl. The bartender smiles and shakes his head at Scorpion.
Maybe artists wouldn't be so starving all the time if they'd just eat all that fruit they're always painting.
What did one angel say to the other? ""Halo.""
Coworker: I could care less! Me: How much less could you care? Coworker: I don't get it. Me: I noticed.
I wonder what people with house phones posted on MySpace today?
I WISH I WAS DUMBER SO I DIDNT REALIZE THE SUBTLE HORRORS OF THE UNIVERSE
Your mom is like a vacuum cleaner. She sucks balls and then gets laid in the closet.
In an elevator with my geology professor and my ex-geology professor. Can you say ROCKward?
A guy goes to the bar. The bouncer asks if the guy is driving. The guy responds, ""No I'm standing"".
The divorce rate among my socks is astonishing
There's a doctor who goes around my neighbourhood handing out body parts... ...he gives me the willies.
Why do they call dogs K-9? Because K-10 are for pussies.
Jokes about menstruation are not funny. Period.
Have you heard that story about that man who gets surprised a lot? It was a tale of WOAH!
I stepped on a grape once. It didn't scream, but it did let out a little whine.
I've been trying to give myself a sexchange... but I just can't pull it off.
What do you call a Canadian that's been run through a blender? Pure-eh
I respect you, liquor store shopping cart user.
Glass coffins - will they catch on? Remains to be seen!
I want a polka band at my funeral. I'm the one who's dead, let 'em suffer.
If you like airborne fecal matter you'll love being alive on earth
What does a black policeman says when he looks in the mirror GET DOWN ON THE GROUND
What did the big hairy monster do when he  lost a hand? He went to the second-hand shop.
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda-pressing
What do you get when you have Windows and Mac OS X dual booting from the same computer? A co-operating system.
Just in case the FBI turns on my web cam, I've got a teeny tiny picture of Jimmy Hoffa taped to the lens.
""Wow he's good"" -possum at the morgue
They say ""once you go black, you never go back" but.. If it's Hispanic, you know it's *gigantic!*
How about a Home Alone movie where Macaulay Culkin is the dad and he leaves his kids at home because that's all he knows?
What's a mouse's best friend? Curiosity!
Facebook post: Sad news. Mom passed away this morning. Facebook: Be the first person to like this.
How do you catch a bra? You set a booby trap.
How do you get a Warriors fan to stop masturbating? Paint his dick Cavaliers maroon and yellow.
For my food service workers out there: How many servers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? That's not my fucking sidework!
I checked my phone while I was mowing the lawn and now we don't have a garden.
Looks like Southwest Airlines needs to install a GPS Tomtom in the planes so their pilots don't get lost.
Who called it freeze dried pork and not 6 degrees Kelvin Bacon?
Going to Arizona in 2 weeks. Better bring my passport in case I accidentally get a tan.
If you ever get a job at a bank, take care not to slice your hand open while handling notes and coins. If that happens, you'll be sure to get a pay cut.
Just started a new job and apparently they use the word work less figuratively than I do.
What was Rihanna's nickname for Chris brown? Beats me.
I once dated a model, but I always preferred the earlier versions. This particular one was not very user-friendly, she was high-maintenance and my friends would always borrow her for personal use.
Wife: You said you'll keep me as a queen but you make me dig the farm all day. WTF is this about? Husband: Darling you are my Queen of Spades.
You know what's the worst thing about having sex with 28 year olds? You have to keep track of all twenty of 'em
*erases 1 and writes 0 on the 'days without incident' chart at Earl's Discount Stilts and Ceiling Fans*
What did the donut say to the cop? Don't taste me, bro !
Nephew: Really?! Me: Yup! Go for it! N: *runs into wall* Me: *takes pic* N: *wakes up* Am I at Hogwarts? Me: No, we'll try again later.
What do you call a crocodile who always lies? A croc o' shit.
How big was osama bin Laden's hard drive? One terrorbyte.
I'll never forget the last thing my grandpa told me before he kicked the bucket. He said ""Watch how far I can kick this bucket!""
Apparently one in three people cheat. I wonder if it's my wife or my girlfriend.
When my wife asks me why I'm always late home from work I tell her I was getting some In-N-Out. She hasn't figured out why I'm still hungry when I get home.
What's the difference between light beer and having sex in a boat? Nothing. They're both fucking near water.
Why didn't the skeleton make a good lawyer? All his work was pro bono.
Why George RR Martin doesn't utilize suicide bombers in GoT? Because he does not have enough virgins left in the story
What do you call a math teacher in an anime? Sin Pi
Why doesn't people with two dicks get into the porn industry? Because they know they'll be fucked over. Edit: Don't, not doesn't. Sorry can't change title.
What do you call a blind deer? No eye-deer. What do you call a blind, dickless deer? No fucking eye-deer. What do you call a blind, dickless, quadruple amputee deer? Still no fucking eye-dear.
What do you call a red neck invasion? An incestation
Me: WHO DREW ON THE WALL?! 4-year-old: 2-year-old: 4-year-old: 2-year-old: 4-year-old: The dog.
What do they call the Hunger Games in France? Battle Royale with Cheese.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because it was a repost
Two cannibals were having lunch. ""Your wife makes a great soup"" said one to the other. ""Yes!"" agreed the first. ""But I'm going to miss her terribly.""
When you watch Jersey Shore, Darwin cries.
It's hard to write a good drinking song. I can never make it past the first few bars.
You know you're getting old when you fall down and wonder what else you can do while you're down there.
If you were forced at gunpoint to either watch '50 Shades Of Grey' or read the book, what type of gun would you prefer to be shot dead with?
Recipe for homemade charcoal: 1. Put dinner in the oven. 2. Sit down to check one quick thing on the internet...
Everyone on twitter is single, pretending to be single, or about to be single
I just read a bumper sticker that said, ""Honk if you love Jesus. Text while driving if you love Satan."" Sent from iPhone.
My favorite book as a child was... ...'I Fell Off Mt Everest' by Eileen Dover.
If a mute kid swears does his mother wash his hands with soap?
Why did Tiger Woods get divorced? Because Tiger was a lion cheetah!
What do you call a bra that tightens the more you try to take it off? A booby trap!
Why do black people only have nightmares? Because the last one that had a dream got assassinated
Lebron James is going to be in Space Jam 2 It's going to be really weird when Lebron quits the Tune Squad and joins up with the Monstars midway through the movie
Why do engineers work out a lot? They're obsessed with rigid bodies!
Why are vacuum cleaners made by gays the best? Because they really suck.
Why did the penis. . . Why did the penis stop going to the speakeasy? He was sick of ragtime.
I'm so out of shape Internet Explorer could probably run faster than me
Inventor of raisins: ""What do you like about grapes"" me: the juice part, the freshness Inventor: right but what if they had neither
What's the roughest part about being a 7-year-old in Liberia? The mid-life crisis.
My favourite mythical creature is the happy woman in the tampon adverts
What's Trump's favorite Pink Floyd album? The Wall. Huehuehue
I'm uncomfortable sharing my feelings with you but completely comfortable standing next to a complete stranger while urinating. Guys.
Sometimes my dog barks so loud she farts which coincidentally is also Donald Trump's foreign policy platform. (Also his domestic platform.)
I don't have bumper stickers because I don't believe in anything strongly enough to potentially get my car keyed.
Teacher: Bob, how do you make a nail plural? Dumb Bob: You add S. T: *amazed* Yes! Come up to the board and show us. DB: [writes] SNAIL
Why do blondes have bruised belly buttons? Because blonde boys aren't all that bright either.
Customer: ""It says I've performed an  illegal operation and will be shut down. Have I done something  wrong?""
The police get mad at you if you try to marry a squirrel. Even if you're pretty sure it's a girl squirrel.
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Mick Jagger Barbie ...Mick with Barbie's head...but Mick's lips
Alcohol makes me worse at everything except telling secrets.
I be a quantum pirate. I'll make ye walk the planck.
Alcohol is nothing but poison But I drink because there are just things inside of me that need to die.
NO. Absolutely not. I do not want to see your stupid cat video I've seen a billion cat vid-yeah ok let me see
Do you like any sports? No, but i like ~~the iphone~~ 10s
Admit it, you should be doing something else really important right now but you're on Facebook instead.
Forgive me Father, for I have sinned. ~What is your sin, child? My husband and I are arguing ~That's very common. ...about my boyfriend.
If Romeo & Juliet didn't die and were allowed to marry, they'd have kids, get fat, and eventually hate each other. So it was a happy ending
Why do they call it a third eye? If its on your fourhead?
Jesus walks into a bar, puts three nails on the counter, and says to the barkeep ... ""Hey, could you put me up for the night?""
No one wants to feel like an obligation. Either commit to them or leave.
I have a joke about US history but..... I'm going to rewrite it.
that's a rather intricate bullet proof vest ur wearing ""this is a front-side baby carrier. this is my baby.."" dude that's messed up
I can never remember, is it ""break a leg"" or ""choke and die""? My niece looked pretty upset.
Have you heard my joke about construction? I'm still working on it
A gingerbread man sits inside a gingerbread house. Is the house made of flesh? Or is he made of house? He screams, for he does not know.
You heard of what happened to Robin Williams? You could say his jokes had him ""gasping"" for air.
Why are ducks always sad? Because of their bills
On the way into work I dropped my doughnut on the sidewalk. You read about these things, but never think it'll happen to you.
I take the time every night to read Facebook statuses to my children as part of my stay in school campaign.
Pro Tip: you can't just be sorry. You have to understand why I expect you to be sorry and be able to articulate that back to me in detail
I feel bad for people named John Smith. They probably didn't get the gmail account they wanted.
What's black, white, and red all over? Two nuns in a chainsaw battle.
When you get a brain freeze from a margarita you know you have problems
When a chicken pukes at a party... is that called a PARTY FOWL???
Did you hear about the Jewish kamikaze pilot? He crashed his plane into his brother's scrap yard.
I went to bed with a 7 and woke up with a 10. Forced upgrades should be illegal, Microsoft.
I'm invincible. I can not be Vinced
Frankly, I adore your mom. She said I'm the funniest motherfucker that's ever been up in this bitch! And she wasn't talking about Twitter.
So my neighbour... So my neighbour asks me if I've been stealing her clothes off of her washing line, I was so shocked I almost shat in her pants!
I would put a web cam in my shower to make extra money, but I would hate having to only sing public domain songs.
Chem students do it on the table periodically.
Helicopter crash A helicopter crashed today over a cemetery on the outskirts of the city. So far the authorities have recovered over 200 bodies.
Only 9 more days til Xmas! Can't wait to see the look on my child's face when he wakes up and realizes daddy spent too much time on Twitter.
Wana hear a knock knock joke? Two guys walk into a bar...
What did the Abominable Snowman do after he had had his teeth pulled out? He ate the dentist.
Dear shaving commercials: please stop shaving hairless legs. If you want to impress us, try shaving a gorilla.
I tried learning braille, but it was really tough. Those bumps are hard to see
Why do married men hang strobe lights from their bedroom ceilings? To create the optical illusion that their wives are moving during sex.
X says to Y : ""i feel so close to you, i feel like zero divides us""
In a survival situation, you can drink your own urine... Fortunately, my Wi-Fi came on just as I was filling the can
I RT a bunch of awesome stuff. nnBecause its funny. And I needed to hide my tweets from last night.
Before you do that- think, Would an idiot do that? Then, don't do that.
Grandma walks into a butcher's shop Grandma: ""Hi, I'd like to buy one baloney."" Butcher: ""Pre-sliced or in one piece?"" Grandma lifts her skirt and says: ""Does this look like a CD player to you?""
Hotel porn A father checks into a hotel with his children and whispers to the clerk, ""I hope the porn is disabled."" The clerk replies, ""It's regular porn, you sick fuck.""
i sneezed and all my butt drugs fell out
What did the father Buffalo say to his son as he left for school? Bison
I always wanted to be Batman when I was younger. Not because of the money or the gadgets. I just hated my parents.
Why is Nicolas Cage's radio so loud? He doesn't know how to turn things down
Its poor! But, What happens when Supper stars fart in public? lol
A necklace and a little plane on it. The man was staring at the little plane on the woman's necklace The woman: Do you like the plane? The man: No! I like the airport.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a watermelon. Ones fun to smash with a mallet and the other ones a dead baby.
""So, why do you want to be a doctor?"" Because I can never be patient.
Fred Willard got arrested for jerking off in a porn theater. Well, at least he can honestly say his newest release is in theaters now!
What is 7'' long, rock hard, and makes girls scream at it's sight? The sock under my bed.
We should have known communism would fail In hindsight there were a lot of red flags
Why are Indians so bad at soccer? Because everytime they get a corner they open a stall.
Apparently ""if you must draw your eyebrows on, please draw them evenly"" was not the tip this waitress was expecting.
I used to think it was no big deal that my gums bled whenever I flossed, but I talked to my dentist about it and she said that it can actually be a bad sign. So now I never floss.
There are two types of people in this world. And I hate them.
a blonde and an african walked into a bar, the african said he did a lot of hardwork to come to the states the blonde agreed!!
there's nothing quite as American as eating when you're not even hungry
At my funeral, feed me into a woodchipper and point it at the mourners
What is the similarity between a bicycle and a black man? The rightful owner of both is white
When children ask me where rain comes from, I pat their heads, shimmy up the nearest flag pole, and urinate on them.
Why is the sand so quiet? Because the waves keep going ""shhhhhh"".
The President of the United States, the Prime Minister of England, and the King of Thailand walk into a bar in Bangkok and the bartender says ""May I get you and your guests drinks, Your Majesty?""
Have you heard the one about the agnostic with dyslexia and insomnia? He tossed and turned all night wondering if there was a dog
Someone called me racist for saying ""black paint"" Apparently the politically correct term is ""Tyrone, please paint the fence"".
[baby sitting] ""Hey, yeah it's me. No, everything's fine. Just a quick question about his legs."" ""..."" ""So how many legs did he have?""
I've been reading a book about anti gravity I just can't put it down!
Who likes a good baseball joke? How can you tell if a catcher has the shits? The pitcher got some on his balls. 
A heartwarming conversation between a son and his father. Son: Dad do you remember your first blowjob? Dad: Ohhh yeah I do! Son: How did it taste? Dad: Get out.
No matter how many times I see it, I never tire of an Italian woman yelling at a guy named Anthony in public.
Everyone's all worried about World War III. Worry about the important shit. Batman's fighting Superman in 2016.
Manager: I'll give you fifty pounds a week to start with and a hundred pounds a week in a year's time? Young player: OK I'll come back in a year's time!
I would make a joke about Mexicans But they already are one....
Want to hear a clean joke? Jerry took a bath with bubbles. Want to hear a dirty joke? Bubbles is a man.
If my wife is any indication, then we need a woman in office to get this country back on track. For years, she has been creating work out of nothing for me.
I was late to work because I was having car trouble. And by car trouble I mean I was sleeping and not driving the car.
Donald Tump and Hilary Clinton are stranded on a Island, who do thy save first? America
Postmodernism pun Hi all, I'm trying to come up with a clever pun on postmodernism but I'm stumped. Does anyone have any clever puns on postmodernism?
I might invent a new beer, call it ""Occasionally"". When people ask if I drink, I can say I drink Occasionally' this way they won't think i'm an alcoholic.
Monica Lewinsky just turned 43 It seems like only yesterday she was crawling on the floor of the White House
I think Diane knows I was her Secret Santa at this morning's office party, because this afternoon I had to borrow my stapler back from her.
How to eat French fries: 1) Eat all the good ones. 2) Leave the yucky ones and feel superior. 3) Wait 5 minutes. 4) Eat all the yucky ones.
I left my Adderral in my Ford Fiesta I came back to a Ford Focus
sometimes if i'm having trouble falling asleep i just pretend i'm watching lord of the rings
A woman's work is never done. That's why they get paid less. (Source: Frankie Boyle)
Where do American bees store their honey? In a USBee hive. ~Thank my ten year old for that one.
starting to realize that maybe the only reason i go to see movies in theaters is so i dont hav to face my reflection during dimly lit scenes
The ostrich may have the right idea but I hate sand in my hair.
What do you call the history of a car? An autobiography.
What is the meaning of life? A movie. Told to me by Siri. Pissed myself.
If you walk into the bathroom an American and walk out an American, what are you in the bathroom? European.
Heard this one in a film you all might have seen A man is talking to his son and says, ""You know, son, if you don't stop masturbating, you're going to go blind."" The son says, ""Dad, I'm over here.""
How do you call a Jew teenager? Jewenile
A Chess Shop A man walks into a chess shop, and going over to the small asian manager, he asks if he can purchase a piece. The manager says, ""Oh sure. Take a rook.""
I accidentally flogged another dominatrix's client. Oops, wrong sub.
You want people to leave you alone? Carry a clip board and try to make eye contact.
What do you call a Mexican midget? A paragraph, cause they're to short to be an essay!!!
I've been standing in IKEA with a lamp shade on my head for 3 days, hiding from the cops.
Why do Stormtroopers never laugh? Because they always miss the joke
A foolproof way to get a woman's phone number is to hit her car.
Why should you never shower with Pokemon? Because he may Pikachu
My sister told me she's dating an Irish guy I said, ""Oh really?"" She replied, ""No, O'Reilly.""
What did the agnostic, dyslexic insomniac do? Lay awake in bed wondering if there really is a dog.
I'm always frank with my sexual partners I don't want them knowing my real name.
I'm an optimistic pessimist... I see the glass as half empty, but there are free refills
*flashes smile* *smile calls police*
Life is like a box of chocolates It doesn't last as long for fat people
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the ""no-bell"" prize.
I'm a huge fan of politically incorrect jokes. Listen to this absolute classic: ""Abraham Lincoln was never president""!
PEOPLE WITH CHRONICALLY MOIST HANDS: When you have dry lips, rub them on your palms. I call it Lip palm. It's free.
Ive tried everything to get my dog to behave. Ive tried shoving it into a wool tube, stabbing it in the neck and head, etc. nothing works.
Birds do it, bees do it, even educated fleas do it. Let's do it. Let's live in a homeless man's beard.
I went to the doctors with hearing problems He said ""Can you describe the symptoms?"" I said ""Homers a fat bloke and Marge has blue hair""
I think I've lost an electron. Ion a minute, are you positive?
What do you call a Spanish man with a rubber toe? Robeerto.
Why is PBS asking me for money? If I had money I wouldn't need to pretend crow migration habits are good entertainment.
*throws up gang signs* *never eats gang signs again*
What are golfers afraid of? The bogey monster
Why did TEN die because he was in the middle of 9/11
What's the opposite of a hipster? A napster
Found $12 bucks today! Well, it was in my daughters purse, but I figure she owes me at least $50,000 by now.
How many dead babies does it take to paint a wall? Depends how hard you throw them.
I got pretty cool moves while dancing... But they say, so do people with parkinsons.
My close friend lost much of his life savings due to his Galaxy S5 Fingerprint Scanner being hacked and when he told me the story it brought me to tears. I guess you could say it was pretty touching.
I just came up with the BEST joke for Trump Trump is like gold. Incredibly dense, but somehow worth something.
Half the time, I don't know if I'm in /r/jokes or /r/shower thoughts.
Jesus is all like eat my body, drink my blood and I'm all like dude, I only like you as a friend.
Justin Bieber's to be the new face of Calvin Klein. Awful news given he does such a terrible job of being the current face of Justin Bieber.
I want to open a sandwich shop in the new Islamic State it will be called the infideli
They say celebrities die in threes... Ed McMahon, Farrah Fawcett, Michael Jackson. Leave it to Billy Mays to throw in the fourth for free.
Me: Excuse me Father, what's the Wifi password? Priest: We're in Church! Me: Oh I'm sorry. What's the Wifi password, Amen.
I blur that line between ""not a morning person"" and ""serial killer.""
Why can't a ghost get anyone pregnant? Because he has a hollow-weenie
If you look in your bathroom mirror & say ""Donald Trump"" 3 times, the hair in your shower drain rises up & starts yelling racist slurs.
Without ME, it's just AWESO.
My ex told me I'd never find another woman like her. nnI don't think she was expecting the high 5 and happy dance I did right after.
What are Asian Tennis Players most well known for? The Back Hand
Fact of the Day: Lyrics can be used in a court of law as evidence. That's how Billy Joel was acquitted of arson charges.
If you have 12 enchiladas.... Is it a foot-alada?
Why is Steve Jobs middle child unemployed? Because he's always inbetween jobs.
""Do these horizontal stripes make my country look fat?"" ~ American Flag
What did the Mexican name his two dicks? Jose and Hose B
Hey guy that puts the stickers on tomatoes, nobody likes you.
Putting Your exam results on the window of your car So you can park in disabled spots.
Started a karate club for people who don't know karate we just do moves we see in movies lemme know if you're interested old ppl are welcome
The best cure for male pattern baldness is a six-figure income.
Manager: Twenty teams in the league and you lot finish bottom? Captain: Well it could have been worse. Manager: How? Captain: There could have been more teams in the league!
* drinks 6 pack of muscle milk * * checks for abs *
I just crashed into the back of a dwarf driver.... He gets out of the car inspects the rear bumper and goes up my window. ""I'm not happy"" he said ""well which one are you then?""
Why did linkin park wrap themselves up in plastic wrap before they jumped off a cliff? So in the end they didn't even splatter.
""Is that your dog?"" ""No, actually she's adopted... we were unable to conceive a dog naturally ourselves""
Q: How do you drown a blonde? A: When he asks for a lifesaver ask him what flavor he wants.
A man gave me 79 protons Thanks for the gold!
I've installed some complaining-powered lightbulbs in my bedroom They occasionally turn off, but never for more than 5 seconds
What's the difference between redditors and eggs? Eggs get laid.
want to go to a pet store and pet the guinea pigs. let me see those baked potatos stat. i want to hear the noise they make
What is the best cure for a headache? DECAPITATION!!!
How does a black woman know she's pregnant? When she takes the tampon out the cotton is picked.
I would have won the Junior Olympics too... ..if it weren't for you medalling kids.
How do Mexicans cut their pizza? Little caesars.
Swimming is good for you. Especially if you are drowning.
Enjoy A son ask his Father ""What does a vagina look like""? The dad said ""Like a beautiful rose"". He continued to say ""and after sex, it looks like a bulldog eating mayonnaise"".
Old Mother Hubbard.. Old Mother Hubbard, went to the cupboard. To Fetch Poor Rover a Bone. When she bent over, rover took over. And gave her a bone of his own!
According to MyFitnessPal, I have been dead for 6 weeks.
How would Saitama defeat all S class heroes? Consecutive normal punches
What do you call a chinese millionaire? Cha-Ching!
After witnessing the second coming of Jesus. My life has changed. I have decided not to watch Mexican Porn again.
*stealthily lowers myself from the ceiling into co-worker's office *sprays breath freshener into his mouth before the meeting *retracts
[first date] Me: so what do you do Date: i'm a veterinarian Me: thank you for your service Date: veterinarian not veteran Me: ok but still
A fighter plane mechanic goes to the doctor for his impotence. The doctor examines him and then writes a brief diagnosis. ""Could not reproduce""
What was the name of the time traveler with good timing? Justin Time.
tip of the day - dont swollow ur spit for like 20 minuts and then u will have a warm drink
4 in 3 people have syphilis. Look to your left. Look to your right. One of you has syphilis twice.
What's the difference between a PhD in math and a large pizza? A large pizza can feed a family of four
A sandwich walks into a bar... The barman says ''Sorry we don't serve food in here''
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? It's a pretty obscure number, you probably never heard of it.
Bruce Springsteen isn't very good at math I don't think anyone's heard him count past the number 4 in years.
The way your stick figures take up your whole back window tells me you need a bigger car and a class on condoms.
Waiter: ""I'm afraid your credit card has been declined."" Me: ""Try this one."" W: ""This is a blood donor card."" M: ""Take as much as you need.""
How did Moses make his coffee? Hebrewed it.
My lift to work was late to arrive at the train station, so I killed the driver... ...I thought it was fair but some said it was a loco-motive
They say your memory is the first thing to go But I can't remember losing that
What is an emo's favorite note? G ...get it? EDIT:im not saying the reference
Most of my workday is me thinking what my couch is doing right now.
rubbish invention I made a sandal for people with only one leg. it was a flop.
I just met a girl named ellen she's the complete inverse of my e^(x)
I'm going to tell you a joke about a broken pencil........ Never mind. It's pointless.
My friend said he almost got trapped at a camp site during a forest fire... ...He said it was pretty in-tents.
My father was a man of few words.He used to say, son...
A senior policeman in China has been suspended from his job after being caught masturbating and smoking joints in his office. No name was given but he was a high wanking officer.
No matter how much you push the envelope... ...it's still stationery.
What's the difference between jam and marmalade? I can't marmalade my cock in someones ass.
How to you tell the difference between an elephant and a mouse ? Try picking them up !
Where's the 'Alpha male' bint putting out a video that becomes famous for the line ""LEAVE JEREMY (Clarkson) ALONE!""?... In written form on every comment thread of every relative social media post.
Our school should start a calculus club We would all derive fun from it
For me, the hardest part of the driving test was escaping before the car filled with ocean water.
Just once I'd like to meet a person whose job is to make captchas so I can slap him in the face for making my life difficult.
True Story: A guy at the supermarket walked up to me today and asked me if I was on twitter. I said no. If you're reading this, I lied.
Why there are so many avenues in France? Because german soldiers like to march in the shade
What's worse than finding a baby in a trashcan? Finding a baby in two trashcans.
BREAKING NEWS: Sad story, Justin Bieber's body has been found ALIVE in his NYC apartment. A moment of silence please for The Music Industry.
If a murderous killing machine came back from the future.. And calculated all matrices. Would he be the Determinator?
Help us choose a new name for our nonprofit. We're teenagers in China and Japan helping senior citizens. Apparently 'Youth in Asia for the Elderly' isn't having the effect we thought it would.
Werner Heisenberg's epitaph: Here lies Heisenberg. ^^^?
What gave the blonde a stomach ache? Nivea milk.
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 is a six offender.
Hagrid is so fat The Sorting Hat put him in the Waffle House
Two prostitutes are talking about their clients... One of them says ""So yesterday I had this client who had a dick like my leg!"", the other replies ""Impossible - no man has a dick that's that dirty"".
Yo mama so skinny she hula hoops with a cheerio
My friend woke up this morning in fits of laughter. I think he must have slept funny.
When Chipotle says, ""Guacamole is $1.50 extra, is that ok?"" I pause, then say, ""Hang on, let me call my financial advisor.""
[OC] I went to prison for identity theft. Good news is I'm cell mates with a famous musician, bad news is I'm now Rick James' bitch
Interviewer: We offer great benefits. Me: Can I take my two weeks vacation before I start?
Q: What is the definition of a major seventh? A: A violist playing octaves.
Someone told me flowers had sex organs... ....what a load of Poppycock!
Gay used to mean happy, then it meant homosexual, then it meant kind of lame, now it's just gay.
Him: Get on my level. Me: You're a gamer? Him: .... Me: .... Him: You need to get out more. Me: *mumbles* Your face needs to get out more.
Clark Kent ""I have a confession"" Lois Lane ""what is it?"" *Clark removes his glasses* Lois ""Is it a bird?"" Clark ""WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU""
Why did God create the orgasm? So women can moan even when they're happy.
What do you call two nuns playing a bongo? A conundrum.
What do you have.... ...when you have one green ball in your right hand, and one green ball in your left hand. Answer: Complete control of the Jolly Green Giant.
men r from mars , women r frm venus , neither are capable of reproducton or space travel so species dies out [RECALIBRATE SIMULATION?] <Y/N>
Muhammad walks up to the Buddha and says ""Guess what a mosque and 9 year old have in common."" I've been in both.
What do lonely terrorists have sex with? Blow-up dolls.
It's a pleasure to do business with you. I look forward to screaming at your customer service representatives in six months.
Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven was black.
What was Robert E. Lee voted in his High School Yearbook? ""Most likely to Secede""
Why do cowgirls walk bow-legged? Because cowboys eat with their hats on!
It was one of those things where I think they believe they were telling a joke but they were totally expressing their actual opinions
""Cool calculator watch dude."" ~nobody since 1987.
Alright Ralphs, here's the deal: you replace people with automated cashiers, I replace paying with stealing produce.
itself itself itself itself itself itself itself itself itself.... -history
What do you call batman when he misses church? Christian Bail
What operating system does Varys have on his computer? Unix
How do you know when a mechanic has a girlfriend? He has one clean finger.
I could be wrong, but an escape goat strikes me as an awfully inefficient getaway plan.
What did the letter O say to Q? Dude, your dick is hanging out.
What's the difference between ISIS and a prostitute? Not much, give or take a few heads.
I just found I'm asexual... I'm just looking for A person to be sexual with
#1 pick up line in a gay bar? ""Can I push your stool in""?
I am not an accident waiting to happen. I am an accident. Happening.
Whenever someone says they hate cats and they're all shitty and snobby about it, I'm like, ""Weird cuz you behave JUST like one.""
""Lady In Red"" is my favorite song about a guy that's trying to get laid even though he can't remember her goddamn name.
When I was a teenager, I tried to throw out all my boardgames... My parents were mad that I was throwing my Life away.
'A confident swipe of the debit card' is my favorite fantasy.
I was blind for a while after eye surgery. Those were dark times.
My birthday is coming up, wife agreed to bday sex. Thankfully she'll be out of town on a business trip so I'll have the house all to myself.
Who do mice worship? Cheesus. :)
There are 10 types of people... (with a twist) There are 10 types of people, those who know binary and those who don't and those who understand the off-by-one error.
What's the difference between a corn farmer with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea. One shucks and fits and the other ...
So bored I just logged into my LinkedIn account.
Have you seen the special message written at the bottom of a condom when you roll it all the way out? Me neither..
Thanks for coming I wonder if a receptionist at a sperm bank has ever used the phrase.
My lovelife is like a ferrari. I can't afford it.
if u don't like central stations ur gonna HATE grand central station
Marshawn Lynch came back to play for the month of October. Breast Mode
Why is Ronaldo so good at football? Oil of Ole Ole Ole
Sometimes you just need to reach out and touch someone. With a shovel. On the side of the head.
I like my women like I like my Scotch. Noice.
I ll see myself out.. Did you know? You can buy a 2 pack of Eminem s for Fifty cent..... It s Ludacris
Why is Denmark the happiest country on Earth? Because all the sad people there kill themselves.
Did you hear about the Stormtrooper who became a kamikaze pilot? He survived 99 missions.
Damn you titties, stop being so glorious. Your owner is trying to tell me something and I need to make eye contact.
If I had a dollar for every downvote... I'd be rich from this post.
Why don't they let Pakistanis take corners in soccer? Because they'll set up a shop.
A gun is like a coupon that works anywhere
What's the name of a Korean cook book? 150 ways to wok your dog
What do you call an Chinese family with a pet dog? Vegetarians. Source: I'm Chinese.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? an investigator. :D
Pal: That's an impressive stingray. How'd you catch it? Me:*flashes back to being dressed as girl stingray* You know, the regular way.
If April showers bring may flowers, what do may flowers bring? Hundreds of years of disease and genocide.
Where do bees keep their money? In a honey box.
My dog is either dreaming or can't quite figure out how to shape shift.
A couple of Irishmen are walking down a dirt road . . . The come across a sign that says ""Tree Fellers Wanted"". One of them says to the other, ""To bad there's only two of us.""
I finally mustard up the courage to tell my gf how I felt about her excessive sausage consumption Things took a turn for the wurst
They should do a scene in a comedy movie where someone rides their bike into a parked car.
I am motherfucking sick of the motherfucking delays on this motherfucking train!
Woman: Please send an ambulance, I'm having contradictions!! Operator: Ma'am, do you mean 'contractions'? Woman: Yes! No!
Pop superstar, Will.i.am, has just bought a new car. It's a Jag.u.r.
When does a hamburger wear a look like a smile  button? When somebody says 'Well done'!
What's the secret to a great joke The timing. The timeing.
I was thinking of getting myself Cryogenically frozen but now I have cold feet
Life is sexually transmitted.
""Plagiarism squad reporting for duty sir!"" ""Copy that""
So there were these two extremely saggy breasts.... one looked to the other and said ""If we don't get some support soon, they're gonna think we're both nuts!""
Proof that getting kicked in the nuts is worse than giving birth. Girls often say, yeah I'd have another baby. Guys never ask to get kicked in the nuts again.
Why should you never play poker with African cats? Because they're cheetahs.
What's the difference between a vegetarian and a virgin? A vegetarian doesn't like meat and a virgin doesn't know yet if she likes meat or not.
Why is six afraid of seven? Seven is a registered six offender.
Republican luminary Sarah Palin. If I have to explain then its not funny. If I have to explain then you most likely voted for the Republican luminary Sarah Palin.
When I punish my future kids I wont just take their phone I'm gonna be them on social media & just comment ""nice"" on everyones old pool pics
Hey, yeah I'll be ready in a minute. I'm just going to shower and jerkoff. just kidding, I'm not going to shower
I asked my kids today if they felt we spent enough time together and they both texted back that we did so I guess we are all good.
Apparently a good way to get asked to leave the gym is to move a treadmill behind someone on a stationary bike and pretend you're angrily chasing them.
ME: I have so many questions SOOTHSAYER: forsooth ME: Exactly lol S: SOOTH ME: Yeah so- S: Sooth? ME: You only say sooth eh S: *nods* sooth
Two nuts were walking down the street.. One was assaulted
Sure Charlie got himself a Chocolate Factory, but his grandparents got to stay in bed for 20 years so ask yourself who were the real winners
Your wife and your lawyer are both drowning. You've got a choice to make. Do you go to lunch or a movie ?
What do you get when you suck all of the Botox out of Madonna? Betty White.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a thief? Nothing.
Two vegans get in an argument They now have beef
CW: You're not wearing a costume. M: Yes I am. CW: You're dressed as yourself? M: No. I'm a serial killer. We look just like everyone else.
What is the difference between a golfer and skydiver? A golfer goes *whack* ""damn"" and a skydiver goes ""damn"" *whack*.
Rioters are like school in July. No class.
I've started calling my girlfriend names like Custard, Ice cream, Pudding, Chocolate cake, or Apple pie. I'm planning to desert her.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his food before it was cool.
I love when bill collectors ask if you can borrow the money...uh I did that before and I think we both know how that turned out.
What's the difference between a formally-dressed man riding a unicycle and a casually-dressed man riding a bicycle? Attire.
Hmmm, why don't we try reincarnation. Here, take this razor blade and I'll leave you alone for a few moments... -me as a therapist
Ugh. New Year's Eve is just around the corner and I STILL haven't picked out which gang sign I'm going to hold up in photos
When you've got a bladder infection... Urine trouble.
A Muslim walks into a bar BANG (bomb explodes)
Did you hear about the baby with the gigantic, record-setting head? The mother called it a crowning achievement.
What do you call 5 black people having sex? A threesome.
French People and France When god created France it was beautiful, and great. The rest of the world was so jeaulous...so to make it equal god created French People.
Why can't women play sports They can't wear the same clothes as 11 other women
So I asked my grandma I asked my grandma if she had ever tried 69. She said, ""No, but I have done 53 -- that's all the sailors I could screw in one night.""
How dumb do you have to be to fly right into my fucking face? This is why we shouldn't allow bees to text.
Sorry your dad died. Here's a card with a waterfall on it
My friend can't afford to pay his water bill anymore... ...so I sent him a card, ""Get well soon.""
Yahoo answers is my primary care physician
I once knew a girl called Virginia... We called her Virgin for short, but not for long!
What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breathe through that thing?
Did you hear about that girl in the terrible car accident the other day? Her entire left side had to be amputated. She's all right now.
Dick Cheney was found having sex with Sarah Palin in a speedboat. It wasn't the first time he was caught offshore drilling.
What's the difference between Justin Bieber and Pinocchio? Some day, Pinocchio's going to be a real boy.
""People want to feel special.. they'll buy sugary piss in a bottle as long as it has their name on it."" - Executives at Coke
Why did Prince Eric leave Ariel when she became a human? He was just chasing tail.
[date] HER: Any hobbies? ME: I collect old comics HER: Oh! Like 1st editions? ME: [flashback to Billy Crystal tied up in basement] Sure
What did the 2 say to the 3? Do you even, bro?
A cat is the animal equivalent of the girl who hated you for no reason in high school.
How many Africans does it take to change a lightbulb? Five, one to change it, and four to dance around for no fucking reason.
I was going to make a joke about sodium but then I thought Na.
When someone yells ""STOP!"" I never know if it's Hammertime or if I should collaborate and listen.
What do you call a lamington that weighs a lot? A lamingTON!
To whom was Shia LaBeouf chanting ""*He will not divide us*"" after he got arrested yesterday? His buttcheeks.
Dear High School Reunions, You are now obsolete. Please contact facebook with any questions.
People who still say 'YOLO' only deserve to live once anyway.
What do you call Christopher Reeve before the accident? Christopher Walken.
What do you call a Kansas cover band composed of physicists? Baryon my wayward son!
Fero's Law states that if your hands can be wet before you're introduced to someone, they will be.
What swims slightly faster than a shark? The Little Mermaid on her period.
What's a horny pirate's worst nightmare? A sunken chest with no booty.
Q: Did you hear about the imaginary tree? A: It was mapleleaf.
Tom hanks probably fucked that volleyball
What's the difference between karate and judo? Karate is a method of self defense and judo is what bagels are made of.
What's a horny pirate's worst nightmare? A sunken chest with no booty!
My husband and I are fighting. There's about a 50 50 chance he knows.
Thousands of married racists are waking up this morning and questioning the skin color of their spouse.
I wish the GPS lady would periodically say things like ""Doin' great"" or ""Still going the right way, good job.""
What do you call an American with a lavatory on his head ? John.
My neighbor won't give me a straightforward answer, he's always beating around the bush. Every time I ask why he just says ""fuck you Gerald, it's my bush and I'll masturbate here if I want to""
Most guys walk up and stick it in... I stick it in then walk up...
What's an emo's favorite game? Russian roulette, except with a full chamber.
This poster that says ""Green Day: Sold Out"" is right in two ways
Q: Why can't blondes put in light  bulbs? A: They keep breaking them with the hammers.
You can tell a lot about a person by how early their neighbors call the cops on Thanksgiving.
What do you call an Asian penguin? A penguyen
Why does the disinterested Italian man have perfect skin? Because he's aloof-a
Where did Noah keep his bees? In his ark hives
Tomorrow is the start of International Holocaust Deniers Month Maybe better suited for /r/ImGoingToHellForThis?
Excuse me, I'm a little short on cash. Mind if we shared a cab home?
Red sea. Dolphins for some reason can't stop vacationing in Japan. Seriously, who told them that the coast was to die for.
When I was a kid, I knocked out the power in my house. Mom said it was just a phase.
What does a girls asshole and a 9v battery have in common? You know it's wrong but eventually you stick your tongue to it.
[The Justice League on patrol] Superman: Wait! I smell something fishy... Batman:*chuckles* Aquaman: Know what? Screw you guys. I'm going home
Did you know that six days a week T.G.I. Friday's thanks God for nothing?
There is no more cake. This is my suicide note.
At the supermarket I saw a man and a woman wrapped in a barcode... I asked, ""Are you two an item?""
What award did the kid in a coma for six weeks win? Atrophy.
A tiny island deep in the Indian Ocean called Shiffer has the dumbest people in the world... It's why when you do something really stupid they say you have ""Shiffer brains"" - Johnny Carson.
I dont think being Gay is a choice Becuase if it was who would want to be Gay?
Go ahead, mate with someone who wears glasses, add to the degradation of our eyesight as a species. Not like there are bears we need to spot
Confucius said, man who sleep with itchy bum... ... wake up with smelly finger. BA DUM TSS~
if we're on a date and you're rude to the waiter I'd be like holy shit I'm on a date
My girlfriend said I talked just like Justin Bieber... ...I said, ""What do you mean?""
Studies show that men who have sex more often tend to have a longer life expectancy. Unless your wife finds out.
The worst thing about Muhammad Ali sending a ""Tweet"" to Mayweather . . . Ali couldn't type it and Mayweather couldn't read it.
Why don't we call the Hindenburg... ... the Skytanic?
This is just a quick shout-out to bread bowls, waffle cones and other edible containers. You guys are doing a great job.
I'm training for a marathon with my friend. Every day when we hit the trails he tells me the same thing, and it always makes me laugh. It's a running joke.
4 worst drivers Women Asians Old people And the combination of the 3
2 Packets of Crisps were walking down the street. A man in a van pulls up beside them and go "" Would you guys like a lift?"" The Crisps replied "" No Thanks we're **walkers**""
Guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and drunkenly yells at the bartender, ""I fucked your mother!!"". The bartender says, ""Dad, go home"".
My daughter has reached that age... My daughter has reached that age where she is asking embarrassing questions about sex. Just this morning she asked, ""Is that the best you can do?""
TIFU by asking my wife what is the difference between a penis and a paycheck? She said ""there is a possibility of increase in size of your paycheck.""
No, please continue to talk loudly on the phone, smoke & spit next to my table. No problem! I'm just going to follow you home and kill you.
Me: Who will I share the sunset with now?! *sobs* Friend: Bad breakup? Me: No. *wipes tears* My Instagram isn't working.
Autocorrect changed honey to homey. Now, instead of going out to a romantic dinner we will be doing a drive-by.
Why can't Bach play the piano? He ""Baroque"" his arm, and also he's dead.
A Poem Roses are red, Violets are blue, Stop memes about Harambe -Cincinnati Zoo
I can't wait until the 50th Anniversary Special... I'm very interested in who JFK will regenerate as.
If I was named Edward Normus, I'd use my first name's initial and my last name as much as I possibly could.
You deserve a standing ovation from my tallest finger.
Why does the Necromancer hate doing stand-up comedy? He always has a dead audience
What do Muslims and the BBC have in common? They both cover up for pedophiles.
How to you make a Hormone? You kick her in the groin.
Alcohol activates the ""we need to take pictures now!"" center of your brain.
My dog loves sniffing piles of poop He gets so shitfaced from it.
So, I sold my old vacuum cleaner. It was just gathering dust.
What's big grey and flies straight up ? An elecopter !
Knock Knock Who's there ! Basket ! Basket who ? Basket home it's nearly dark!
Instagram banned me for life cuz I kept commenting ""but are you happy?"" on everyone's pictures.
I was reading a subreddit about unfinished sentences and it was Im not finishing this one eithe
How do you get your partner to give you head? Put them in a guillotine.
What do Psychologists say to each  other when they meet?"" ""You're fine how am I? ""
*hot lady looks at me* Me: Hi! Do I know you? Lady: No I think I'm mistaken. *awkward pause* Me: So...is there a mister taken? *hit by bus*
I see subway employees are still having their ""how much lettuce can you fit on a sandwich"" contest.
My Father was never proud of me One day he asked me, ""how old are you."" I said, ""I'm five"" he said"when I was your age, I was six""
What sounds like a frog but keeps me up all night? reddit
Friends don't let friends talk about Pi Lest they become irrational.
What do you call a Russian with Tourettes Syndrome? Yukanol Fukov
[1st date] *recalls buddy said women like a manly man* *but also, be sensitive* I like to work with my hands, But splinters make me cry.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic Ocean with the Titanic? Halfway
When the only light in your world is suddenly gone ...it's time to recharge your phone.
Beer is so smart that if you drink enough, right around your midsection, it builds a shelf for you to rest bottles on.
Sometimes I like to play God and just ignore everyone when they talk to me.
Why did the chicken cross the road? It didn't, I kicked the piece of shit before it did.
Hamburger Helper only works if the hamburger is ready to accept that it needs help.
I don't think my neighbor knows my rule about not interacting unless we're both pointing at the same tornado.
My friend told me I sounded pretentious in my essay I don't get it: I don't think I sound ostentatious.
[at bar] ""Yeah I pulled down a solid 6 figs last year."" Whoa that's impressive! ""I know, right! Can't believe I got fired by that fig farm.""
""1990 called, they want their shirt back."" ""...why didn't you warn them about 9/11?""
A man walks into a bar... The barman realizes something is up, and gets security to escort him out.
My neighbor knocked on my door at 3am Can you believe that? 3 in the morning, but luckily i was still up playing the drums.
TIFU by taking someone else's Subway order Oops, wrong sub.
what do you call a group of naked old men doing yoga? Lululemonparty
Me and my best friend reverse our cars everywhere together. We go back a long way.
The speed in which a woman says ""nothing"" when asked ""what's wrong"" is inversely proportional to the severity of the  shitstorm that's coming.
ME: So you indicate action using airstrikes? HER: What? No, I said asterisks. ME: Ha, of course. [to walkie-talkie] Disengage. DISENGAGE!
Cleaning ladies: The new craze that's sweeping the nation
My girlfriend from 65 years ago passed away.... Surprising because she was never one to go down first
Why is Justing Bieber like a shotgun? Give him a cock and he will blow!
I'd tell you my Jim Jones joke... But the punch line is too long.
Im so glad I learned sign language its pretty handy
What did the alien say to Franz Schubert? ""Take me to your lieder!""
Dear America Would you please take the 's' off the word 'legos' and put it back on the word 'math' where it belongs. Many thanks England
How many dead prostitutes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Apparently not 8 because my basement is still dark.
I'm an animal in bed I do it doggy style and come after 5 seconds
Nice butts take my breath away... I'm assmatic.
Never trust anyone under 30 lbs. Especially when it comes to driving directions. Babies are liars.
Why couldn't the kid get into the pirate movie? It was rated R.
If con is the opposite of pro ... then is Congress the opposite of progress?
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
What did the corn stalk say to the other corn stalk? ""That outfit makes you look very corny.""
Nobody really knew that grandma had dentures until.... ...it came out during a conversation
Where does lonely soup go? To a brothel.
If I had to choose between a stepstool and a device that let's me get even higher... ...I'd take the ladder. (I'll just leave now)
* Runs Baywatch-style into oncoming traffic *
I can't RSVP until I know the wifi situation at your event.
What do Paul Walker and Pink Flyod have in common? Their last hit was the wall
Chinese Food: $16.72 Gas to Get to Restaurant: $1.94 Getting Home and Realizing They Forgot One of Your Food Containers: Riceless
If you were transported right now to Mars you should be able to jump 62.5% higher... [anti-joke] But you can't because you would be dead. No spacesuit = not alive.
What did Jose name his son? Hose B
why did the cookie go to the doctors? ... because he felt crumby!
How to make $500 fast Attach it to a rocket Credit: 4chan
What do you call a racing horse that's never been groomed? Furlong
men are so polite woman in a bikini reveals about 90% of her body.... and yet most men are so polite they only look at the covered parts.
If a girl has magnetic personality and still She can't attract the desired boy. Then that means the boy has iron deficiency.
What do you call a white man surrounded by many black men? A warden
Why do pencils shave? To look sharp
If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you... ...I would start thinking about you
Isn't it amazing that your wallet is always so close to your ass...but somehow never smells bad?
4 yo: Mommy, it feels so good. Me: What does? 4 yo: To be a gangster. Me: ... Go tell your father I said to come here.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
What planet is so big the entire universe can fit in? Ur Anus.
Why is it unjust to blame taxi drivers for cheating us? We call them to take us in. (From The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Handbook of Conundrums, by Edith B. Ordway. So this is a century old joke.)
TIFU with my girlfriend... ...She was on top
I just swallowed a whole box of scrabble pieces... My next shit could spell disaster
My wife is like listening to my favorite music with the volume up. Fucking the neighbour.
Her: Do you watch Desperate Housewives? Me: No but I follow a few on Twitter.
What's the difference between French women and an NHL hocky team? The hockey team showers after 3 periods.
What do you call a group of black people? Antique farm equipment.
HEROIC ACT - I stick my head under dressing room doors to tell people they look nice in whatever they are trying on.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea? I wouldn't pay 100 bucks to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
1. Go to seminary. 2. Get degree. 3. ??? 4. Prophet.
What do you call a burning rocket? Korean Barbecue.
Why don't any pirates live in Kansas? Because they all live in *Ar*kansas.
""Look, daddy! I'm a doctor!"" ""Did you know that's the same doctor kit I played with as a ki... OMG YOU DIDN'T LICK ANY OF IT, DID YOU?""
Remember before the smartphone when you had to take your laptop into the bathroom with you? God, it's like we were cavemen.
What do you call a flying bagel? A plane bagel.
With all these new apple devices, what's gonna be next? The iPoor
German sausage jokes are the wurst ...
Teacher: whoever answers my next question, can go home. One boy throws his bag out the window. Teacher: who just threw that? Boy: Me! I'm going home now.
Getting caught dating someone underage isn't a big problem. It's a minor problem.
Walking into a fro-yo shop is probably what it's like walking into a Japanese girl's purse.
Yo momma's so fat She drives a spandex car.
Old Lady at the bank I work at a bank, and one time an old lady asked if I could check her balance. So I pushed her over.
I like my showers like I like my women Hot, wet and finished in 20 minutes.
I made up a joke: What did the physicist say to the Jedi? The mass * acceleration is strong with you.
I hate when people ask me what I'm doing in five years... Come on guys, I don't have 2020 vision.
Guys whose fathers left when they were young always complain about how they never had someone to ""teach them how to shave"" but it's easy... You start at the ankle and work your way up!
Do you come from heaven? Did it hurt when you landed on your face?
How many cops does it take to screw in a light-bulb? None, they just beat up the room for being black.
Willie saw some dynamite, Couldn't understand it quite
Repairing Old Clothes by Fred Bare
One did one butt cheek say to the other butt cheek? The hallway stinks.
Why is a 12oz can of Coca-Cola more popular in St. Paul and Minneapolis than a 2 liter? Because it's a mini soda.
**What do you call it when an asian family has a feud** **LONG** division
A Roman walks into a bar and says ""Hey Niko! It's your cousin Roman, let's go bowling.""
Practice good oral hygiene by wiping your mouth with toilet paper after talking shit
I like my shits like I like my Slavs Squatting.
I'm not that great at origami... I cut corners.
What did Judas say after capturing Jesus? Nailed it.
I want to learn the Finnish language. But I don't know where to start.
Do you know the difference between genius and  stupid? ""Genius has its limits.""
I always use a short cut when I'm going to knife fight a midget.
Pregnancy tests in movies are so weird... She hands him the test and he stands there holding this stick of pee like it isn't a stick of pee
Ann! do you remember me? We have so many memories together Ann: **SEGMENTATION FAULT**
imagime if introverts were as aggresive to extroverts as extroverts r to introverts ""why do u hav to socialize"" ""why dont u stay in"" ""loser""
My problem with McDonalds is I can't go retrieve my kids in the play tubes because I can't fit in the play tubes because I eat at McDonalds.
Christmas is always awkward in Steve Harvey's house None of the presents have the correct names.
Q: What did the fisherman say to the card magician? A: Pick a cod, any cod!
The guy who stole my personal journal has died... My thoughts are with his family.
A bunch of white men came up with ways to solve institutional racism, and all without having to listen to even one black person. GREAT JOB!
every snail has a perfectly baked cinnamon bun inside its shell
Why do Anarchists only drink herbal tea? Because all proper tea is theft.
Seduce Angela Merkel by fondling the hem of her cardigan while whispering ""Aren't you too pretty to be a Chancellor?""
What does a Scottish cat say? Mee yew!
I'm switching all of my clocks to a 24-hour format... ...making it much easier to wait til 5 o'clock to start drinking
Hey guys, what's the name of that movie where Michael Cera plays a socially awkward teenager?
A man hit's a woman with a car. Who's at fault ? the man, he should't have been driving in the kitchen.
I think my cat's a communist... He won't shut up about Mao
Shaving your head when you're going bald is the ultimate ""You can't fire me, I quit.""
I await the announcement that Trump's running mate will be Charlie Sheen.
*sees a truck* Nice. *sees a trucker* Oh, impressive. *sees a truckest* Ah yes. This is what I came for.
Why did the cows return to the marijuana field? It was the pot calling the cattle back.
I just learned that embalmers insert butt plugs into corpses to prevent leakage.... So now I know why zombies walk like they do.
""this is your captain speaking. i bet you're reading this in a man's voice. well guess what! i'm a woman captain. women are captains too.""
Teacher: What do you think astronauts wear to keep warm? Girl: Apollo neck jumpers ?
What do classical musicians write before going shopping? A Chopin Lizst (shopping list)
For my next trick I need a condom and a volunteer...
Scientists have deciphered hieroglyphics thought to be 5,500 years old. The first full sentence says ""This is a repost.""
After placing me in charge of training new employees I can't help but question my companies' commitment to success.
People who wait 3 hours to respond to a text ""LOL"" should be punched in the neck. Your not fooling anybody. You weren't LOLing that long.
I'm not saying I've got a girl crush on you, I'm just saying lesbiadorable together.
My neighbor and I accidentally made eye contact today when she caught me making a sandwich in her kitchen
Why did the dog sleep so poorly? By mistake he plugged his electric blanket into the toaster and kept popping out of bed all night!
Starting to think the frog dissection skills I learned in high school are never going to pay off.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers failed to show up to their concert last night. They're now known as the Red Hot Chili Flakes.
What do you call a cow that plays the guitar? A Moosician!
If you take the word ""spatula"" out of the dictionary it's just a list of things that aren't spatulas.
""This is BULLSHIT"" - enthusiastic manure salesman
What is the difference between Saint Patrick's Day and Martin Luther King Day? On Saint Patrick's Day everybody wants to be Irish.
A Man was Fishing in the Jungle After a while another angler came to join him. ""Have you had any bites?"" asked the second man. ""Yes, lots" replied the first one, ""but they were all mosquitoes.""
To the person that stole my copy of Microsoft Office... I will find you. You have my Word.
I had sex with a prostitute last night... It turned out to be a rash decision.
Trying to think of a funny Good Friday joke, I really want to NAIL it.
Do I just call you or should we resolve this quickly with 200 text messages?
What is it called when a politician craps his pants in a Honda? Civic doody.
I repeatedly slapped my girlfriend as hard as I could at the concert last night. I was clapping for the band.
I just ran a .003048K
A crowd of theater fanatics walk into a bar. They go to the bartender and say, ""One round please."" ""A round of what?"" The bartender asks. ""A round of *applause*!"" They all scream in unison.
Me: But babe, my doctor said I can't have sex after giving birth. Babe: She's 11..
Two married man talking.. 1st man: Im so lucky, my wife is an angel. 2nd man: Good for you! Mine's still alive.
Compare to what Luke and Anakin had lost, Leia is considered lucky At least she still has the D
I'm really glad they named a park bench after my uncle in memorial. It fits, he was great at having homeless ppl sleep on top of him
Tasted the best Borscht ever! It'll be hard to beet.
There's nothing more disturbing than the 1st time you hear someone you know using their ""whooo's a good dog"" voice.
*brings knife to gunfight* *knife used to cut pizza* *pizza served & differences resolved* *last slice up for grabs & gunfight ensues*
Damn girl, are you a math book? Girl:No, why? Because you've got so many problems.
What is it called when foreign girls spread their legs? I call it the British open.
Masturbation is like procasination In the end you're just fucking yourself
What does a frying pan and anal sex have in common? They both brown your meat.
Do people who go to the gym to ""feel the burn"" know nothing of Mexican food?
Why can't meteorologists forecast the  weather?  -They are too busy studying comets and meteors
What is the most painful way to be measured In megahertz
What's the difference between snow men and snow women? Snow balls.
I was diagnosed with Alzheimer's seven years ago But it feels like it was just yesterday
When I punish my 16 I don't take away her phone I take away her charger and then I watch the fear in her eyes as her battery dies. It's fun
How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her? She found another women's lipstick on his knuckles.
I asked a guy what his favorite movie was earlier today. And it was not Paul Blart: Mall Cop
So a guy walks into a bar... Ouch.
I got fired from my job as a chef for stealing kitchen equipment. ... .... It's a whisk I was willing to take.
[2048] President Khaleesi Smith decrees that the words of the Star Spangled Banner will be changed to ""Land of the fleek & home of the bae""
Why did God create man first? So he wouldn't have to be told how to do it.
Which presidential candidate does Tom Brady support? Whichever can reduce inflation.
Trump is ordering an investigation into his own claims of voter fraud Can he start with the frauds they keep putting in front of the voters?
""Are u going to the circus?"" is a perfectly good sentence when not used as a follow-up 2 your wife's question: ""how does my make-up look?""
Got fast food so many times this week that when mcd's asked me to pull out front to wait for my order, I was expecting an intervention.
Did you guys hear about them putting Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill? To bad it is only going to be worth $12 now.
If someone bumps into you while you are wearing camouflage you have no one to blame but yourself.
What do you do if you break your arm in two places? Don't go back to those two places.
An infectious disease enters a bar... The bartender says, ""We don't serve your kind in here."" It replies, ""Well, your not a very good host."" It isn't mine, my doctor told me this one
I think three movies is a bit much for the hobbit. Seems like they're really dragon it out.
A pair of jumper cables walks into a bar... The bartender looks right at him and says, "" Hey! Don't you go starting anything!""
I got a job at Apple today by answering just one question. The interviewer asked what my passion was and I said, 'tax laws'.
One time I bought these shoes from a drug dealer, and I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day
I just typed ""cupkale"" instead of ""cupcake"" and accidentally invented what has to be the worst dessert idea ever.
I'm starting my own Build-a-Bear type place except the kids make toys for other kids and it's in China.
Q: What did the judge say about the man shot twelve times by the police? A: The most horrific suicide scenario I have ever heard of.
Bears think if you're lying down motionless, you're dead. So everyday, the first bear to wake up thinks its entire family is dead. Tragic..
What CS:GO hack do tumblr girls use? Trigger bot.
My friend doesn't like being called Squidward. He told me, ""But I hate SpongeBob..."" I said, ""That's the spirit!""
""When no one else will f*ck you, I'm always there.""  Life
Cannibals do not like to eat vaginas. .....Because it tastes like fish. 
Why is Quicksilver so fast? Because he's Russian
Today I saw a guy on the street wearing a ""Stop Snitching"" shirt I asked him where he got it. he wouldnt tell me.
What do you call fireworks that don't work? Fireunemployed.
What's faster, the speed of thought or the speed of light? Neither, it's diarrhea. Before you could think about it or even turn the lights on, you've already shat yourself.
When your bucket of KFC starts talking about the afterlife, that is some deep fried chicken.
Is Rick Moranis dead? or just his career?
What's a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross Country.
What do women and dog-poop have in common? The older they get, the easier they are to pick up.
Why does a chicken coop have only two doors? If it had four, it would be a chicken sedan.
What did the priest say to the altar boy who liked chickens Cock-a-diddle-you
Why did the eyeglasses model become a beekeeper? He heard that beauty was in the eyes of the bee holder.
Sad how some stick figures get stuck working the hangman game, while others get to have nice families on the back of SUVs
Sunday is an attractive person at the bar who turns out to be religious
Yo' momma so fat ... ... I pictured her in my head, and bitch broke my neck.
*throws back out* Back: Let me back in baby, I can change.
Who went into a witche's den and came out  alive ? The witch !
Black Jesus. Went to jail for you
What do you get when you cross pasta with a snake? Spaghetti that winds itself around your fork.
Happy New Year! Welcome to 20!
If your rice accidentally gets wet, you can dry it out overnight by placing it in a bowl of cellphones.
Turns out, telemarketers don't like it when 5 year olds answer the phone and tell them princess Ariel stories.
Why do most men die before their wives? Because they want to
Wait. What? You need two people for sex? What does the other one do?
Jury remains deadlocked in the case of Good Times v. Bad Times
I think God is for the legalization of marijuana. After all, the Bible is full of people getting stoned.
What do you call the remnants of blown up cheese DeBrie!!
Did you hear about the guy who crashed his car into a tree? He wanted to see how much his Mercedes Benz
I just woke up from a 13month coma Just in time to see my wife give birth
I once overdosed on Viagra. My wife took it really hard.
I don't like Holocaust jokes... I do Nazi why they're funny, Anne Frankly they're quite offensive. EDIT: a word
I hate when all the silverware is dirty and I'm down to using the giant decorative fork that hangs on the wall.
A good name for a vintage store would be 'Pants Dead People Have Farted In'
Liar, Liar If the guy's pants are on fire, give him a fucking break about being a liar liar for a second. (via @WiseguyPictures)
The pope walks into a mosque The imam says ""Hey, why the wrong faith?""
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent.
Dad says to me, you'd be a great fisherman Because you check the net all the time
Well, if it doesn't include antidepressants, they shouldn't call it a Happy Meal.
I used to face my problems head on... ...now my forehead has bruises.
What did they call Hitler after he lost his hair? The Bald Eagle..... I'm here all day folks
Have you ever had sex while camping? Its fucking in tents!
""I'm still years behind on Breaking Bad so I expect the entire internet not to discuss it until it's convenient for me."" - Idiots
[Every restaurant ever] Manager: ""Has he got a mouthful of food?"" Waiter: ""Yes."" Manager: ""Go and ask him how his meal is.""
Coffee is the silent victim in our house. It gets mugged everyday
My then 7 yo son came up with this one. Warning: NSFL (I think. This is /r/Jokes, so...) Knock knock *Who's there?* Ala *Ala who?* Ala oo akbar!!! Bkhkhkhhhhhhhh!!! (explosion sound) :P
Noticed something between my grandma's boobs today. Her belly button.
Where does steel wool come from? Hydraulic rams.
Why does the boy could not bend his knees? because he had no knees
Roses are red violets are blue i have a gun get in the van
Women call me ugly until they find out how much money I make Then they call me ugly and poor
Whats the difference between a Cat and a Compound Sentence? One has claws at the end of its paws, one has a pause at the end of its clause.
What's the best thing about an 8 year old in the shower?..... You can slick her hair back and make her look 6.
There is a big difference between hating you and losing respect for you.
There are three types of people in this world Those who can count, and those who can't.
Why don't tornadoes watch Bill O'Reilly on  FOXNEWS?  -It is a no spin zone
A woman is complaining to her neighbor: - My husband is 300% impotent. - A few days ago you told me 100%, not 300%. - Well, yesterday he fell down the stairs, broke his finger and bit his tongue.
Why do French tanks have rear-view mirrors? To see the enemies.
Jesus take the veal I am vegetarian
Don't call me ""Dad"", please call me by my professional title, ""Half-Eaten Food Connoisseur Broken Toy Engineer Butt-Wipeologist"".
If I had no emotions, I don't know how I'd feel about it.
Sorry I ate your frisbee bro, I thought it was a tortilla, I like to eat tortillas I find at the park.
How long is a Chinaman?
What do you call an all female traveling band Mobile broadband
Drunk girls really seem to enjoy dancing on top of things.
What is a Brazilians favorite Pokemon? Zikachu.
Barry decided that because he had talked himself out of suicide every other day, today he would do it. Poor fucker always did take opposite day a bit too seriously.
I love horror movies until it's time to do laundry in the basement and I have to run up the stairs before a scary force pulls me back down.
The Pope and Raquel Welch are stranded on a life boat They're out on the ocean and, yada yada yada, and she says, ""Those aren't buoys""
What sound does a gun made from church seating make? Pew Pew.. Sorry. Just became a father 2 years ago. I have some catching up to do.
A picture so sexy my computer just covered my eyes.
Her: how are you Me: good Her: you sure? Me: yup Her: you're alright? Me: yes.. Her: really? Me: Her: are y-- Me: people like you go missing
If I poured phenolphthalein on you it would turn pink. Because you a basic bitch.
Knock, Knock - Who's There? - Ach... Ach who - Bless you!
My grandpa has the heart of a lion, And a lifetime ban from the zoo.
What do you do with 365 used condoms? Roll them up into a tire and call it a Goodyear!
The reason I don't like Facebook's ""memories"" feature is because it shows me 6 years ago wearing the same shirt I have on right now.
Did you hear they're making an Indiana Jones 5? How can they do that?! They haven't released a fourth!
""This custard-filled donut will be bought... by a murderer!"" -The Eclairvoyant
What is Moses's favorite beer? Busch Light.
Donald Trump has a new slogan that he hopes will help his numbers with African American voters. ""Orange Is The New Black.""
What's going be America's largest export once Trump gets elected? Americans.
[Ouija board] ""Hey spirits, talk to us"" W H A T S U R F R I E N D S N A M E H E S C U T E ""fml""
I love it when websites pop up a box to make me subscribe to read, and I always enter my real email address because it's important.
I've just watched a distressing film on how African children have to walk up to ten miles to bring water to their village. I think it was far fetched.
What do they say about the noise at the  Burger Land Super Bowl? It's PAN-demonium!
My friend had a stroke and half his body went dead He's all right now.
Don't forget to use social media to say Happy Fathers Day to your father who doesn't use social media and won't see it
What do you call Hitler with a fin? Adolf-fin
I want to be an astronaut when I grow up. What high hopes you have !
I've done it! I've solved the question we have all asked since the dawn of time. Where do we go when we die? In the ground.
Change is inevitable... Unless you go to a vending machine.
Why does Jesus Jaywalk? Because he hates crosswalks
How To Impress Your Boss 1. Show up early. 2. Have all the tools you need. 3. Read the strategy guide. 4. Aim for the big glowing weak spot (usually the eyes).
Q: What is the missing link between the bass and the ape? A: The baritone.
Why is Peter Pan on the No-Fly list? Whenever he boards a plane it neverlands
Women are like buses... very few will let you come in through the back door.
They're making a Christmas edition of The Human Centipede It's called The Human Santapede
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass.
Two fish are in a tank... Two fish are in a tank... First one says: I'll drive! Second one says: ""I'll man the guns!""
What do you call the blood that comes out when teenagers cut themselves? Emoglobin.
What is Shia Labeouf's favourite genre of music? Jazz Duets.
I was completely shocked today when my doctor told me I was colour blind.. It came completely out of the green
A study has shown that women are better than men at driving in fog.. Well of course they are. They're not looking where they're going.
What do you call a veterinarian who's real good at poker? (first post) Ace of spays
What does one chauvinist say to the other? There's a thousand things I'd like to do in my life, and those are just the pretty ones!
Why does a man name his penis? Because he doesn't want a total stranger making 90% of his decisions.
Instagram would have been a good name for a weed delivery service
Fun fact: Taking a box of condoms to the pharmacist's window and asking for the fitting room will get you thrown out of Target.
Yo mamma Yo momma's so fat, her belt size is ""Equator.""
a Mexican, a German, a Muslim and a Chinese walked into a bar... can anyone finish this joke for me? went out with a group of friends, and this literally happened.
If you lose one senses, your other senses become stronger. That's why people without a sense of humour have such a high sense of self importance
why did the orange fail school? It couldn't concentrate.
The Whip was especially popular In the 1800's
What's the difference between a white orgy and a black orgy? Five black people having sex is only considered a threesome.
How much does it cost to buy multiple prosthetic limbs? An arm and a leg.
You can use your cat as a towel. There's no specific laws against it.
What did the rabbit say to the deer? What up doe
How does Moses make tea? Hebrews it! Hahaha, get it? He fucking brews it
How many lonely guys does it take to change a lightbulb? One. But he wishes it took two.
I figured it out. Renee Zellweger is stuck in the longest oncoming sneeze of all time.
My doctor told me to avoid trans fats. I'm really gonna miss Tumblr.
Congratulation on the new baby, from your family... except from me because I don't really care.
It's hard to explain a pun to a kleptomaniac because they always take things literally.
Ever seen an elephant hiding in a cherry tree? No? Well, they must be hiding pretty good
A lion wouldn't cheat on his wife... but a Tiger Wood
What did the papa ghost say to the baby ghost. Fasten your sheet belt.
My wife calls herself a trophy wife. I told her that's because I won the participation award.
I cropped my kids out of my online dating profile photos. They can find their own dates.
What's Glenn's favorite fast food? Popeyes!
I hear voices in my head But I ignore them and carry on killing. (Sean Lock)
Q: What word begins with the letter ""F"" and ends in ""UCK""? A: FIRETRUCK.
I used to work at a muffler shop... That shit was exhausting. Then I got a job a vacuum store, but it sucked even more.
My doctor told me I suffer from Anorexia... ... like it's not enough that I'm fat.
One day my kid will ask me why he's half human and half final exam
Whats the funniest type of bird? Crows! they're the undisputed kings of CAW-Medy
You know the best part about dating a homeless chick? You can drop her off wherever.
When I get alzheimer's I'm going to watch The Sixth Sense like every day.
Q: How do you know when you're at a hillbilly wedding? A: Everyone is sitting on the same side of the church.
I love my toilet. We've been through a lot of shit together.
Did you hear about the guy who kept shooting birds? He was charged with First Degree Burder.
Reddit Starts with an R and, Ends whit an E. right?
Why does frost not like to lay out in the sun?  -It burns too easily
A little girl comes home after school: ""Mommy, mommy, someone at school called me a dumb bitch."" ""What does dumb mean ?""
I created a new word Plagiarism *just like 80% of the jokes on this page wink wink*
Scientists Have Isolated a Single Unit of Potato and Taught it to Use 4chan They've named the project Channing Tatum.
I got an anonymous letter today. Oh really - who was it from?!
My girlfriend left me for a midget the other day. This broke my heart  I couldn't believe she would stoop so low.
If Snow White can trick 7 men into supporting her, then I'm sure I can find at least one sucker to do that for me.
My coworker broke his second windshield today. I offered him my apple... ...because windows keep crashing on him.
So I saw a black man running with a TV. Horrified I thought it was mine. But upon arrival home I saw mine was in its right place. Polishing my shoes.
How do you make sure man will never find something? Name it clit.
I've banged a lot of hoes and I'm planning on retiring. I heard the retirement homes have good pussy.
If you had $1 for every time you've masturbated What color would your Bugatti be?
Hi..You've reached my voicemail. I could come to the phone right now but I saw your name on caller ID so leave a message..or not.
Why did the farmer make a high-pitched gasp? Because he was tired of the sigh-low.
A slightly drunk woman. A slightly drunk woman watches tv and yells ""Don't go there! Don't go to the church you dumb bitch!"" Her husband asks ""What are you watching?...""Our wedding video"".
Why did the grocery delivery guy get fired? He drove people bananas!
yo mama so stupid..she sits on the t.v and  watches the couch
If my kids knew there was a light in the oven, they'd leave that one on too.
What happen if a bomb blasts in a bra or a man's underwear?
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? Heart failure
I listened to my friend and bought an air filtration unit now it's just collecting dust in my basement.
I'm at my most spiderman when using a public restroom
what will i do when i have an out-of-body experience? i'll see myself out....
Did you hear about the movie based on an Australian dystopian future society? Apparently it's a cross between Idiocracy and Mad Max....it's called Bogan's Run...
What did one saggy boob say to the other? We better perk up or people may think were nuts.
History Of The Hipster Culture That You Probably Never Heard Of, But Whatever #futurecollegeclass
On the baseball diamond, I'm like a T-Rex. I have a short arm.
4 out of 5 dentists recommend Trident sugarless gum. The 5th dentist is busy butchering protected wildlife.
Poop jokes aren't my absolute favorite kinds of jokes. But they're a solid #2.
Did you know Bruce Lee had a son other than Brandon? He was a famous vegetarian. His name was Brock.
I recently saw The VVitch and it was a very eye opening experience I had no idea Hilary Clinton had such a rough childhood.
C.R.E.A.M. Reddit Remix Cats rules everything around me/ CREAM get the kitty/ furry furry hair ball
I am opening a restaurant called ""Peace and Quiet"" A kid meal is 250
I've never dumped a girl. I always lay them peacefully in a field to be discovered by school children
I recommend everyone to go swimming with piranhas. It's a once in a lifetime experience.
Share the most offensive and politically incorrect jokes you know.
How do you know Bernie Sanders got elected? All your stuff has been donated to charity
If i told you a joke about a woman who had wooden breast enlargements.. It would need a good punch line - wooden tit?
""Donald Trump is feuding with the Pope"" is like the 7th Onion headline that's become real life in this election season
I went to see a palm reader. ""Judging by your palms" he said, ""I can tell that you masturbate frequently."" ""Sorry" I apologised, ""I should probably wipe that off.""
Three guys are drinking methanol. ""Quickly, let's finish the bottle, it's getting dark already" one of them observes.
1938: ""It's a bird!"" ""It's a plane!"" ""It's... Superman!"" 2013: ""Is that a drone?"" ""Yeah, it's probably a drone.""
How's a Volvo just like a woman? The pussy is on the inside.
Excuse me miss, you've got a little bit of face on your makeup there.
I like my women how I like my light bulbs... Not too bright, easy to turn on and hanging from electrical wire in my basement.
What is the worst about having alzheimer's and dierrhea? You're running but don't know where to.
Pretty cool how there are athletes preparing to head to the Olympics in a little over a month and I just got winded making my bed.
I'm gonna be in trouble when my kids are older and realize how much of my parenting advice is just Kenny Rogers lyrics.
It's Kim Kardashian's birthday. Which begs the question, ""What do you get the person who does nothing?""
What do you call a lizard that can't get a boner? A reptile dysfunction
I was cooking a dish with onions in it and my friend cried. I only now realized recently that she wasn't raising that dog for food.
A naked man brushed his teeth next to me as I washed my hands. This is why I don't go to the gym often.
Q: Why are cows always broke? A: The farmers milk them dry.
Fastening a pendant around my son's neck before dying for him, ""Keep this always. The audience won't recognize you as an adult without it""
What do you call a black man in space? Ummm......an astronaut.
I recently started remodeling my house and quickly got in over my head, so I decided to get some professional help. I also hired a contractor to work on my house.
I slept like a baby last night 2 hours of sleep and a whole lot of crying
Heard the local weatherman say, ""high in the thirties"" & now I know the title to my autobiography.
This says it all... It all.
What's the most confusing day in a Mormon home? Mother's Day.
Developing an app that redirects you to twitter if you click on any other app on your phone cause obviously it was a mistake. You're welcome
What do you call a content vowel? A Cheerio.
Welcome to the Geology Department Have a gneiss day!
discontinue use and talk to your doctor if you experience death, as this may be a sign of a more serious condition.
Why did Blackbeard cross the road? To indicate where the treasure is buried.
He died doing two things he loved: making a toast sandwich and taking a bath
If you have rectal cancer and it's treated with radiation therapy... Is that a Rem job?
Where do calculus students go when they are sick? To L'Hopital.
No. I'm not pregnant. That's my liver.
*Maintains eye contact with the soccer mom feeding her kid organic kale chips while giving my kid a snickers bar.
Man walks into a bar... Ouch. Masochist walks into a bar...
What's a toads favorite drink? Croaka-cola
Why did Churchill always beat Hitler with scissors in rock, paper, scissors? Because he knew Hitler always threw paper.
Currently searching the want ads for a place that will pay a good salary for me to just curl up in a ball and give up.
What is a mother's favorite Christmas Carol? Silent Night.
Whats black and screams? Stevie wonder answering the iron!
Vaccines are an inside jab.
Why couldn't the fun guy go in the elevator? There wasn't mush-room.
A guy walks up to a white girl at Starbucks ""Hey girl, Are you Sodium Oxide? Because you're so basic.""
We don't talk about the Duggar family in our house anymore. The subject is a bit too touchy.
I don't think you are stupid. You just have a bad luck when thinking.
What are ducks' favorite drug? Quack.
A dyslexic man.. A Dyslexic man walks into a bra.
Why did the mathematician bring home 24 eggs from the grocery store? Because when he asked his wife how many eggs to buy, she said 4!
I broke my leg while visiting America At least I got a good taste of their hospitality.
You ever do one single chore and then ride that high for 10 years
""We don't allow faster than light neutrinos here"" said the bartender. A neutrino walked into a bar.
What do you call a white girl with an ass? A honkey with a donk-ey
I'm so lazy, If autocorrect doesn't know the word after 3 letters I don't even bother sending the text.
What's more dangerous than a serial killer? A parallel killer.
I don't have a mental problem, I have mental problems...plural.
Did you hear about the single-engine plane that crashed into a Polish cemetary? So far, 400 bodies have been recovered.
Why did the chicken not cross the road? Because it would have been a fowl proceeding.
What do you call Gumby's sidekick in Jamaica? Pokemon
how do you call a white racist whitler
What has four legs and a cunt halfway up its back? A police horse
While it paints me to say this... I'm really not much of an artist.
I named my dick money... 'Cause women love to blow it
According to WebMD, people are Sick & Tired of me
KNOCK KNOCK! WHO'S THERE! ***sombrero **** ^sombrero who,,,? *****SOMBRERO-VER THE RAINBOW****
When I die, I want the people I did group projects with to bury me So they can let me down one last time
I feel bad for that caveman who invented the wheel because you know his mother-in-law was all ""She shoulda married Grog. He invented fire""
I once saw a slice of toast in a zoo. It was bread in captivity.
Excuse me, miss, you've got a little bit of face on your makeup there..
What does a good joke and a man who's dropped his last Viagra down the drain have in common? A missed erection.
Oh so your boyfriend cheated on you? But how is every other man on this planet responsible for it?
What does a duck always have behind him? His buttquack
I hired a private investigator but he spent two days staring at my hedges Turned out he was a privet investigator.
instead of taking anti-depressants I just think about how many different kinds of sandwiches there are
God: why don't we text anymore? Me: you know why God: I can't just give everyone a Sega whenever they ask. That's not how it works Me: k
What do you call the ticket to get into a giant space station shaped like a vagina? A cunt-astro-fee!
Q: What do you get when you cross a caterpillar and a parrot? A: A walkie-talkie.
[first date] GIRL: When you said ""fitness freak"" in your profile, this isn't what I expected HALF-MAN/HALF-TREADMILL: It was an old photo
My humor is so black... ...On a airport i got checked for Ebola 3 times
I just saw a girl pay for a drink. Is everyone okay?
If a woman asks if she looks fat, it's not enough to say ""no."" You must also act very surprised by the question. Jump backwards if necessary
""Boop"" - Zebra walking past a self service checkout.
I only make my food from the natural ingredients, like uranium and asbestos
We will always be important enough to fit into someone's motive. However, that is not the kind of importance we want to carry around
A second date is probably not likely if your date pulls out and clutches a crucifix when you enter the room.
Q: When driving through fog what  should you use? A: Your car.
Women are like draino They will clean you out, but leave you feeling hollow inside
What do you call a dog with two vaginas? Snatches
I don't think I could be a mom. Listening to another person cry all night just seems awful & I wouldn't want to impose that on a baby.
I am voting for Donald Trump because he will personally end racism in America... Racism can't exist if everybody's white.
Virgin mobile employee asked when imma pay the bill and I said ""I'll pay when Lebron's hairline stops receding."" I got sent to collections.
What is the difference between a well dressed man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed clown on a tricycle? Attire
Did you hear about the Indian who drank too much tea? He drowned in his teepee. -My Uber Driver
No lie: When the plane landed I had 9 texts and my 13yr old had 343.
I often say...... I often say to myself. ""I cant believe that cloning machine worked""
What's green and has four wheels? A turtle. I was lying about the wheels
Made this up a few years ago listening to NPR What do you call music about climate change? An Al Gore-rhythm
the umami flavor derives its nam from the phenomnenom of when u taste som realy good soy sauce & it causes u to sassily shout ""oo, mami!""
im dating: britney spears rn
THANKSGIVING ICEBREAKERS: (1) Obama, am I right? (2) Ebola, am I right? (3) Was his full name Bugs Bunny or was he just a bunny named Bugs?
Dear Dairy There sure are a lot of cows around here.
""Waiter ! Have you got frogs' legs ? ""  ""No sir I always walk this way""
Knock knock! (A joke from my 5 year old sister) Knock knock! Who's there? Boo Boo who? Don't cry it's only a joke! ...I got rekt
Frozen (2013) A young girl spends years in solitude & must plan her parent's funeral alone because her sister is secretly one of the X-Men
wife: Do you want a bowl? me [eating ice cream out of the carton] Why?
What's a Republican's favorite number? ""NEIN!""
Milky Way is Snicker's nut-less, gay little brother.
Two parallel lines match on tinder But they never meet.
My favorite form of lying to myself is choosing a deodorant scent that contains the words 'active' or 'sport' in it's name.
The person who discovered electricity... Must have been quite shocked!
Doctor: 'Your recovery was a miracle!'  Patient: 'PRAISE GOD. Now I don't have to pay you!'
*being wrestled away from mall santa by security* u hav TWO WEEKS until deadline and ur out here doing PHOTO OPS?! WHOS DOINGE THE REAL WORK
I still enjoy sex at 40 I live at 44, so it's no distance.
15 + 18 = 10
What's the problem with auto-erotic asphyxia? You don't know if you're coming or going
If we took Korea's capital away ... They would be Seoulless
What's the difference between a strawberry and a pencil? One's a fruit, you idiot.
TIFU by clicking on a link that read ""Click to see something unexpected!"" Spanish Inquisition.
Yo mama so ugly She got fired from a blowjob
Grammar it is said by people that know grammar The shortest sentence in the English language is: I am, and the longest sentence is: I do.
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite arcade game? PAC-Man.
I have this reoccurring nightmare called a job.
What was Mark Hamill's reaction when he finished reading The Force Awakens script? Speechless
Black licorice tastes like Satan himself made candy and then it expired.
Is it weird that Nirvana's In Utero album cover turns me on? No wait, it isn't In Utero. It's...Nevermind
lqod lu lls   I  lsn o  u  ppo I Read it upside down
A new study has found that if a woman drinks 2 glasses of wine per day it increases the chance of a stroke... if you let her finish the bottle, she'll probably suck it too.
What do you call a mentally disabled firefighter? Flame retardant
I don't think none of Christopher Nolan's ex girlfriends know how the hell it ended.
A man asks his wife ""Why don't you ever tell me when you have an orgasm?"" The wife says ""I don't like calling you when you're at work!""
McDonalds ...closing thigh gaps since 1967.
A hole in my heart... There's a hole in my heart ever since Macho Man Randy Savage died a hole that can only be filled if I snap into a slim Jim
Whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office is in big trouble... You have my Word
""Were any famous men born on your  birthday?"" ""No only little babies.""
What is long, white, and very sticky? The coming of the Lord!
[Starwars] How can you tell Luke is Uncircumcised? Because he has Force Kin.
If Barry Allen had a restaurant what would it be called? Greased lightning?
Was your ass freed from enslavement? Because it's off the chain.
Why did Megan fall off the swing? Because she had no arms. Knock Knock. Whose there?? Not Megan.
The gym called... He said he needed to be picked up
DID YOU KNOW? I am superior to all human beings -- except people.
Is your refrigerator running? Well, you better get glasses, and stop doing drugs
I've been told that red wine compliments a steak. But so far my glass hasn't said anything nice at all.
[murder scene] Snail detective 1-He left a decent trail SD2- Let's track him down *10 hours later* SD1-Damn that guy is fast
It's not the size of the ship nor the motion in the ocean...it's whether the Captain can stay in port long enough for all the passengers to get off..
Someone told me I am bad at driving I told them that if they didn't like my driving, they should get off the sidewalk.
Me: Which cup do you want? 2-year-old: That one! Me: Let's pick a different one. 2-year-old: No! *drinks milk from a shot glass*
I have diarrhea and constipation at the same time... basically, I cant shit... A LOT!
What does Hodor start off his day with? Raisin' Bran.
Only Pools And Corpses A new sitcom starring Michael Barrymore and Demi Moore.
Few things look as optimistic as a dog butt trotting off into the distance
What do you call a panther and a ghost combined?
Fantasy: We run in slow motion toward each other across an open field. Her side is mined.
Don't mean to brag but I can turn a pair of fat pants into skinny jeans in like 3.5 months
Opportunity knocks once, however temptation likes to lean on the door bell.
What do old cars and dead chickens have in common? You'll usually get more money for them if you sell them for parts
How can you tell if a parrot is intelligent? It speaks in Polly-syllables!
How come Hitler never went to the movies? Because he could nazi!
Why are all early birds Catholics? Protestant birds don't really want a Diet of Worms.
I have six words for you.
Me: Do you have any mini-ipods in stock? Guy: what color? Me: Any color. Guy: We don't have any. You Sir, have achieved stupid greatness.
What cheese is the most religious? Swiss cheese! (it's the most hole-y)
I went to see a psychic today She said she was expecting me
I am 20, Male, Dyslexic and love cockporn with lots of butter of course!
I probably should've said, ""Congrats on your 4th child!"" instead of ""Halfway there, OctoMom"".
Floyd Mayweather was asked about remarks made by critics on last night's fight. He said ""I don't tend to read into things""
GIVE ME THE PUNS, ALL OF EM Hit me with your puns reddit
Why is being in the military like having sex? The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel.
People are like onions... I always cry when I cut them up.
Is having a penis easy? Well it can be hard sometimes
What's Gordon Ramsey's favourite movie? It's Fucking Frozen!
I finally overcame my fear of skinny dipping. Unfortunately it cost me my YMCA membership.
Literature for the blind What did the blind man say when he picked up a cheese grater? This is the most violent story I've ever read!
What do boats and fourier transforms have in common? Both sinc when rect.
Did you hear about the woman who got Alzheimer's after removing her breasts? She lost her mammaries
My friend David got his id stolen... We call him Dav now!
Don't you hate it when... ....You're giving a handjob to another guy and he turns out to be a gay ass fagot.
I don't regret burning bridges. I regret that some people weren't on those bridges when I burned them.
Two fish are in a tank. After a while one of them asks the other ""How do you drive this thing?""
Puts fitbit on dogs collar. Throws the ball around. Sits on the couch and eat chips. Wins all the challenges
So we can send men to the moon, but we can't get a button that let's us edit a typo on a tweet after its been sent?
Need your help. Give me some bear puns! or I will kill you with my BEAR hands
The Bra Joke A bra walks into a bar and asks for a beer. The barman says ""I can't serve you, you're off your tits""
How do you know if a guy was in the Navy SEALs? Don't worry, he'll tell you.
My father was from Iceland and my mother was from Cuba. I'm an Ice Cube.
What do you call a guard with a hundred legs? A sentrypede.
What do you call a dark or melancholy verse of text? Poe-etry
What do you call a conversation about weed? A diskushion.
UK: We call it ""Autumn"", from the French word ""Automne"", and later, from the Latin ""autumnus"". USA: WE CALL IT FALL BECAUSE LEAVES FALL DOWN
When people with multiple personality disorders are about to die, whose life flashes before their eyes?
I live in the United States. Upon taking some classes in France I notice a gorgeous bombshell pass me. I check her out hard. I guess you could say I was really studying a broad.
""I don't want this holiday to end mummy!"" ""Don't worry Madeleine, it won't""
What's the worlds most forceful fig? The Fig Newton.
Why does Ellen Pao play so much tennis? Its the only place she can get love.
Ever open a drawer to get something, forget what it was, close the drawer and immediately remember, only to have to open the drawer again?
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
I'm a dad. Here's my joke: Why would Bart Simpson never go to a pub? Because there's a BartEnder there.
I was going to tell a dick joke... But now I can't seem to 'member it.
Dogs can't operate an MRI. But cats can.
If you say ""That reminds me of a good story" I automatically think ""This story's gonna suck.""
What do you call a homeless pigeon? A pigeon.
Dear paranoid people who check behind their shower curtains for murderers.. If you do find one... What's your plan?
Have you seen the movie ""Constipation""? Of course you haven't.. it hasn't came out yet.
What is the national sport of North Korea? Ping-Pyong-yang
Where do Grammar Nazis get put on trial? You're*-emburg ^^^^^^I'm ^^^^^^sorry... **Edit: obligatory second page post. Can't believe I'm on the second page!**
Walmart greeter smiled at me. Long story short, the weddings Friday. Everyone's invited. Except Harold. HE said I'd NEVER find true love.
What does a hoverboard and a fat girl have in common? Reddit gets mad when you call them that
What did the man at the gay bar say as another gentleman was leaving? Please allow me to push in your stool.
How many Grateful Dead fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, they just wait for it to burn out and follow it around the country for 20 years.
I've come into a lot of money lately... It's a fetish I never knew I had until now.
What do you call a black man in a suit The accused
*goes to Australia *sees hot girl *asks if she wants to be my first mate *winks forever *gets punched down under
I've been developing a photographic memory.
Arabs are so rich..... They lit whole fkin hotel on fire to celebrate new year
The classiest knock knock joke in existence [Fixed] Two guys walk into a bar
A buddy gave me some of his pee in a jar so I could pass a drug screen. I failed, which is weird, cause I drank ALL of it.
[accidentally makes eye contact with someone] Oh my God, I am so sorry. Are you OK?
I'm depressive and suicidal, though I have great news! I have terminal cancer! :D
An Irishman meets a.... Latvian. No potato. Both die. Is end.
My friends dared me to take Viagra and a laxative at the same time. So I went and sat on the toilet and I couldn't tell if I was cumming or going.
So my buddy thought it'd be a good idea to get an inspirational tattoo on his forehead... Boy, was his face read.
Wait. Those Nigerian girls are still missing?? What about that really cool hashtag we made? They didn't free them when they saw it??
Why don't blind people bungee jump? It scares the shit out of the dogs
You're the jelly to my burger, the knife to my soup, the glitter to my sushi, and the ketchup to my icecream. My point is, you're worthless.
The Super Bowl is over, everyone. Time to briefly learn the names of some Winter Olympians.
The doctor said I have only a month to live so I shot him. the judge gave me 50 years
When the TMNT Tell a Secret I wonder if when the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles tell a secret, they say Donatello anyone
Two of the three times I've jumped out of a moving car, Beiber was on the radio. The other time my grandma entered the freeway the wrong way.
People who like ""The Bachelor"" are like racists
[lost in Spain] Wife: ask that man where we are Me [pretending to speak Spanish with a local]: gracias Wife: well? Me: we are in Spain
Why can't a Stormtrooper have a baby? Because they always miss.
We were so satisfied with the year 2015 so we decided to hold out on 2016 and instead call it 2015*s+*
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler? A mustache
Life is like a box of chocolates. It doesn't last long if you're fat.
Did you know the ninjas have gotten together and formed a union? They strike from the shadows.
What's Beethoven doing in his grave? He's decomposing.
why do asians have small boobs? Only A's are acceptable
What do you call a dog that goes through your stuff? Snoop dog.
[Pickup] got a dank sub woofer for $100 today whoops wrong sub
Why is the British weather like Islam? Because it's either Sunni or Shi'ite
The ending of ""Romeo and Juliet"" is only sad if you think two fourteen year-olds should have gotten married.
Him: You smell good...what are you wearing? Me: Weed.
Some people are like pennies. Two-Faced And Worthless.
I've got a 100 question vocab quiz this friday on 9/11... Well I guess I'm gonna bomb it
If I had a dollar for every gender there is... I'd have two dollars.
How does a Jew make a cup of tea? Hebrews it
There once was a poet on Twitter who grew increasingly bitter. He couldn't surmount the strict character count and so his poems got even shi
Drunk dude A cop stops a dead drunk and asks ""How high are you?"" The drunk replies. ""That is wrong English. You should say ""Hi. How are you?'""
I've started a new religion based on the consumption of high-percentage alcohol. Its only downside is that I now miss a lot of work due to hangovers It's called absinthe-theism.
Do you know how many poisonous apples I'd have to give out before I was considered to be the fairest in the land?
Ever notice how unaware people are of the world around them? No?
I hate every child in a commercial.
I use the internet to tell me what the weather's like. How do you do that? I carry my laptop outside and if it gets wet I know it's raining!
I figured out I'm autosapiosexual. I just came to this conclusion.
Big sunglasses are an ugly girl's best friend.
I've got a friend who is a fat, alcoholic, transvestite. All he does is eat, drink and be Mary!!.
Ladies I'll drive you crazy with my tongue *Never shuts the hell up*
I wish my husband was as concerned with ""preheating"" me as he is with the oven...
Why does the little mermaid wear seashells? Because she is too big for B-shells
My Gladiator DVD stopped working... Talk about an *epic* fail.
Just held the door for an Asian guy and he said ""Sank you"" so I punched him in the face. I can't believe he brought up Pearl Harbor like that.
me: wow a pegasus flying horse: actually Pegasus was just one horse we all have different names me: oh whats yours flying horse: Pegasus 2
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers, and says ""five beers, please"" If you get it you get it
How many liberals does it take to defend America? Nobody knows, they've never tried.
I knew a guy who bowled a three hundred and one How do you bowl a 301? Do you know anyone who has bowled a 300 and lost?
When I was born, I was given a choice  a big pecker or a good memory.... I don't remember what I chose
My girlfriend dreamt that I slept with her friend... So I tried to reassure her. I said, ""Baby. Please. That's crazy - I have never slept with your friend. Trust me, you've never even met the girl"".
What do you call a smart Australian? A New Zealander
I get my best showering ideas when I'm writing jokes.
Two blondes are at an CD store. One is buying a DVD. Blonde 1: Oh, what's that DVD about? Blonde 2: It's how to repair household items! Blonde 1: What do you need to repair? Blonde 2: My DVD player
Men are like placemats.  They only show up when there's food on the table.
Some people can't stand being in a wheelchair
The Energizer Bunny was arrested today... He was charged with battery.
Right about now, family members all over the country are realizing the Starbucks cards I gave them for Christmas are empty.
Oh Mickey, you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind. Hey Mickey. Hey Hey Mickey!..face it you didn't read that, you sang it.
What would Marilyn Monroe being doing if she were alive today? Clawing at the lid of her coffin.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? None. Feminists can't change anything.
""Shit just got real."" - God, creating the digestive system
3 dyslexic mods walk into a bra... [deteled]
do you swear to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth ""starting now?"" yes ""the judge looks like squints from the sandlot""
*you see a bear approaching* ""quick play dead!"" *bear runs up to you* ""OH GOD. WHO DID THIS TO YOU. ANSWER ME. WHO DID THIS TO YOUUUU""
Our youngest has finally graduated from baby bottles to 2-liters of soda.
I hired a person to randomly show up throughout the day and put baskets of bread on my desk.
I dreamed... I dreamed I was a muffler and I woke up exhausted.
Gay guys are fucking assholes.
Two blondes were walking in a park ...when one of them said: ""Look, a dead bird!"" The other one looked up in the sky and asked ""where?""
How many college guys does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, they prefer Natural Light
A man called Knock Knock knocks on a door: Knock Knock. Who's there? Knock. Knock who? Knock Knock. Who's there? Knock. Knock who? ...
im back with another knee slapper !! ""i leterally did nazi see that coming! - an frank funny joke am i righte ??
Hey, are you the bottom of my laptop? Because you're really hot and it's making me nervous.
I added Paul Walker on Xbox Live He spends a lot of time on the dashboard.
Q: Why do pigs make good spies? A: They're excellent at going in-hog-nito.
Q: What did the grape say when the elephant stepped on him? A: Nothing. He just let out a little wine.
They advertise unlimited soup, salad, and breadsticks. But I can personally attest that after 9 days Olive Garden asks you to leave.
A scotsman goes to the dentist. Sits down on the seat and the dentist asks ""Comfy?"" The scotsman replies ""Glasgow mate""
Knock Knock St. Patricks Day edition. Knock knock. Who's there? Irish. Irish who? Irish you would open the door I'm freezing out here!
Knock Knock Who's there ! Amsterdam ! Amsterdam who ? Amsterdam is like plum jam but made from hamsters !
Who came after Augustus? Septembrus
Why did the cave hate miners? They're always picking on him.
Is Google male or female? Female, because it doesn't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion. ^^^nyuk, ^^^nyuk, ^^^nyuk
Looking for Texas? Drive east or west on Interstate 70 until you smell shit. Then go south till you run into it
Finally watching Michael Bay's TMNT. Best part so far is a dude answering a Skype call and yelling ""How did you get this number?!?""
Mmmh, the wetness...don't stop, harder, oh god yes, more fingers...I love the way you rub my head. --me, getting a shampoo at the salon
What does a successful rapping cow struggle with? Moo money moo problems
A man walks into a bar with a loaded gun ""All right, anyone here that slept with my wife, please step forward. A man from the back of the bar shouts, ""You don't have enough bullets!""
Maybe the raccoons threw away something very important. Did you ever think about that you big jerk.
What's that joke that ends...""but you fuck 1 sheep...""
REALLY GOOD JOKE!!!! DON'T CLICK! NSFW Lemkie
I was bitten by a radioactive vegan, and now I have the power to bore people to death.
Drinking game. Make the drunkest person in the room call in a Chinese food order. Every time they have to repeat themselves, take a shot.
Updated list of teen cliques: aioli freaks, Comcastwitches, genderbloggers, Skin taggers, turkeysluts, bolognaboys, Tinyteens, lunch decoys
I have come up with a truly fantastic business idea for Malaysia Airlines. A new slogan! ""Leaving on a jet plane, don't know if I'll be back again.""
""This is where the magic happens."" - Harry Potter walking into his bedroom and every other room on MTV Cribs.
What do you call a blind dinosaur? A Doyouthinkhesawus
My ex wife still misses me BUT HER AIM IS GETTING BETTER
I was a virgin by choice until I was 25. Not my choice, mind you.
I hate how funerals are always at 9 or 10am... I'm not really a mourning person.
I went for my physical yesterday. Nurse came in the room and she said ""I'm going to have to ask you to stop masturbating"" I was like ""What? Why!?"" She said ""because I'm trying to do your physical!""
I'd explain it to you again but I'm fresh out of crayons and puppets
A man was driving a black truck. His lights were not on. The moon was not out. A lady was crossing the street. How did the man see her? It was a bright sunny day.
Cat places ad in the classifieds... ""Seeking Pets"".
If you're having bow problems I feel bad for you son. I dodged 99 arrows but my knee took one.
What happens when you place a black baby next to your ear... You can hear a future mixtape.
How does a Scotsman find a sheep in tall grass? Very satisfying.
Yesterday I took LSD and I wrestled with a grass snake for three hours. On a side note, our garden hose is completely wrecked.
Once I meet a hot chick I automatically give her money. So if she says I'm stalking her I can tell the cops she's a hooker.
Why can't short people cook? Because the steaks are too high.
Don't tell a lot about yourself, behind your back will tell more interestingly about you.
When my cat has an accident on the carpet, he hides to escape responsibility. It's a, ""shit and run"".
A joke for Europe A Greek, an Italian, and a Spaniard go into a bar and have an awesome time, ordering drinks till dawn. So who pays the tab? A German.
Can you even work your smartphone? In what capacity?
I went to see my Coincidental Hygenist the other day. Turns out she was one of my friends from high school.
BF went to text me ""almost there"" It came out ""almost dead"" So hungover, I wrote back ""thank god"" And now he arrived and things are awkward
Question: Why do men always give their penis a name? Answer: Because they don't want a stranger making 95 percent of their decisions for them.
Marvel at this joke. What do you call an Asgardian instrument specialist with an attitude problem? A Thor Luthier.
""I see..."" said the blind man as he pissed into the wind. ""It's all coming back to me now.""
Bernie Sanders only has one night stands It's totally not his choice, but women tend not to call back once they still Feel The Bern the next morning.
My teacher asked me to turn in my essay. Pero no soy un rata.
What is a Juanito? A little Juan
did you hear about the flaccid, chinese penis that ran for presidency? He didn't stand a chance in the erection.
I've got no beef with white wine.
For every player who credits God for the win, a player from the opposing team can logically blame God for the loss.
My sister asked me to take of her clothes too!! She's a quadriplegic, and is incapable of doing so by herself.
How many possibilities does a man with no arms and legs have? Limbitless
My wife said if I took one more picture of her she'd leave me. That's when I snapped.
ART TEACHER: Why have you painted the water green again? It looks- ME: I'm bringing *puts on sunglasses* Shrek sea back AT: You're expelled
What do vegan zombies eat? GRAAAIIINSSS!
Snow White succumbs to avian influenza as a message against the laziness of magically hiring animals to complete household chores.
Nothing is worse than having jock itch. ESPECIALLY within 100 ft of a school or playground.
You're so vain, you probably think me driving by your house 27 times at 2 a.m. wearing all black with binoculars is about you, don't you.
What's brown and runs around your garden? Your fence.
What did Medusa call the sheep she turned to stone? Baaaaasalt
SpongeBob Wait, I just realised something. SpongeBob lives in bikini bottom, and he's absorbent: oh no...
My ex just sneezed and I accidentally said ""bless you"" now she just staring at the bushes confused wondering who said that
What's big, white, and can't climb a tree? A refrigerator.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I`ll meet you at the corner.
It's 3000 AD. Everything is fleek. President Updog has dissolved congress. Women make 700x what men do. I'm still writing 2014 on my checks.
What kind of tea did the American colonists want? Liberty
There are 10 types of people 1. Those who understand binary 2. Those who don't 3. Those who sneak tertiary into their jokes
I was gonna go on a double date the other day... But in the end I couldn't find three other people to go with me.
Why would you never want to go to a gay BBQ? Because the hotdogs taste like shit.
What's Mary short for? She's got little legs, I guess.
Games of thrones has more __ than a __ Incest, Redneck wedding Fill in the blanks with your best joke!
Is knowing of collapse of supermarket in Latvia? Is sad but now has five more potato for all of Latvia.
bicycle cop: im taking you to jail me [sarcastic voice]: should i ride on your pegs or walk next to you [segway cop just dying laughing]
And The Bro saith unto them, Follow me to the club, and I will make you fishers of women. Bromans 4:19
Women are like hurricanes... They enter your life wet and wild, and they leave with your lawn furniture THAT WE BOUGHT TOGETHER SARAH, YOU BITCH.
Why wasn't Hitler allowed at the barbeques? He always burned the Franks.
Hi welcome to Hollister, would you like a flashlight?
My inability to pronounce Spanish names makes me sad, and I'm not even Jaoquin.
What's 14 inches long and makes women scream at night? Crib death.
What two things do black people and flappy birds have in common? They both have massive lips and you can't buy them anymore!
What's the difference between finding $50 and anal sex? One will make your day, the other will make your hole weak.
How many Feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? THAT'S NOT FUNNY
There was an indecisive buddha... ...his mantra was 'ummmm'
like people say things like 'tuna fish' but not 'duck bird' or 'dad father'
Frozen... Text Message from Wife: Windows frozen. Won't Open. Husband: Pour lukewarm water on window. Tap gently with hammer to free windows. Wife: Computer really messed up now. Nothing works.
If I got a dollar every time somebody called me a racist Black people would rob me
[ENEM] Complete: Hey ________ a) Jude b) I just met you c) There Delilah d) Soul sister e) Hey, you you, I don't like your girlfriend
What Do You See When Pillsbury Doughboy Bends Over? Donuts
I'm just a girl, with a baseball bat, smashing my internet modem into a gazillion pieces.
Where does light go to jail? prism
A thief tripped and fell into wet cement... He became a hardened criminal.
long joke incummin (LOL) what do christians and right wingers have in common they cant feel the bern
Which stretches further, skin or rubber? Skin. It says in the bible, Moses tied his ass to a tree and walked 10 miles.
I dreamt I was being chased by a bizarre sentence with two poorly distinguished clauses. So I made a mad dash for it.
ISIS ""Preventing the theft of unattended baggage since 1989""
Know any jokes about sodium? Na.
several animals were harmed in the making of this film. a piece of shit horse nobody liked and a gecko that we straight up lost
What happened when Turkey was accused of being Chicken? It staged a coup
me *sees wife's cheesecake* future me [sent here to warn me what would happen if I ate it] *knocks on the front door* me *already eating it*
How many Romans does it take to screw in a light bulb? V.
Finally I found out how hashtags work #hashtag # hashtags #work #how #found
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
If you're out and you see a donkey, say ""hey, come here donkey."" He might not come but if he does, free donkey
I think I will take my next drivers license picture drunk so I can say pshaw! I always look like that.
What do you call someone without a Liver? Deader.
""Welcome to money management. Have you all paid your $200 entrance fee?"" ""Yes"" ""Excellent, never give money to strangers. Class dismissed""
""This ain't my first Romeo."" -slutty Juliet
ME: someone stole my credit card number BANK: why would they spend $187 at a hot dog stand? ME: [hangs head in shame] that wasn't them
""27 Hilarious Ways You Know Journalism Is Dead"" - Journalism
Why are all the users of Ashley Madison worried about their emails leaking? They will be millionaires when the Nigerian princes finish downloading the file.
Why is Han Solo a loner? Because he's solo.
Have you ever had Ethiopian food? No, neither have they.
Q: How many drummers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None. They have a machine that does that now.
So a blind man walks into a bar... and a table, and a couple of chairs
HOW MANY BABIES DOES IT TAKE TO PAINT A WALL? Well, since 1 baby could paint 0 walls, it would take infinite babies to paint a wall.
Removing make-up or as I like to say, Resetting face to factory settings.
I worked at a restaurant It didn't pay much, but at least it put food on the table.
I just got a papercut... we'll just see if I recycle this week... stupid cunt tree.
Newspapers are missing the obvious headline for Target's Canadian stores closing down... TARGET MISSES THE MARK
You might be a redneck if... 1. You don't know the difference between your lawn and your driveway. 2. Watching Jerry Springer reminds you of your neighbors 3. Your family tree is a circle
Q: What did the carpenters call their brass quartet? A: The Tuba Four
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina? Only some of the things that come out of her vagina are retarded.
What has 10 letters and starts with Gas? Automobile
Your mommas so fat When she goes to the movies she sits next to everybody.
I'd love to get in touch with Emilio Esteves. Does anyone have his emailio addressteves?
Did you hear about Bill Cosby's new biography? Its called ""The Coma Sutra"".
Girl, are you my funny bone? Cause you're humerus.
Learning to ride a bike is like losing your virginity... No matter how many years go by, you never forget the feeling of your dads hands on your shoulders as he pushes.
Young Actor: Dad guess what? I've just got my first part in a play. I play the part of a man who's been married for 30 years. Father: Well keep at it son. Maybe one day you'll get a speaking part.
A Clown held the door open for me today It was a nice jester
If you're gonna offer free milk for coffee at a convenience store, don't get all weird when I bring in a dry bowl of cereal.
How many teamsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 19 . Got a problem with that?
Shitty one-liner: Giiirl, you can call me Saturday-Sunday, cuz I'm all you're gonna be doin' this weekend. Is this a thing? It feels like it has to have been a thing and I just forgot where.
What do you call a fat chemistry professor? A significant figure.
Where does Kylie buy her kebabs? From Jason's Doner Van. (Sorry, I'm guessing this one's only for the Aussies and Brits)
smokers have a greater risk of heart disease, stroke and hard-to-hear outdoor phone conversations.
SON: Can horses run in the Olympics? DAD: Wouldn't be fair SON: Why not? DAD: [hand on son's shoulder] Usain Bolt is just too fast, buddy
How many country stars does it take to change a light bulb? Six-1 to change the bulb and 5 to sing about how much they miss the old one.
How can you tell if a good ole boy from North Carolina is married? There are tobacco spit stains on BOTH the doors of his truck.
*Child putting on clothes very slowly while singing* Me: You really need to hurry up  we're going to be late. *Child starts singing faster*
Did you see the video of the woman on her period with a yeast infection? It was bloodcurdling.
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
You hear that asshole talking shit behind my back? I farted.
What do people drink at Club Obi-Wan? Qui-Gon Gin.
To the guy that invented the number zero Thanks for nothing.
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
Sometimes it is very important if a sentence was said by a man or a woman. . A good example: ""I used a whole pack of tissues during that awesome movie yesterday...
[home depot] ME: I think I like this huge decorative rock HER: Boulder ME: Ok [with confidence] I REALLY LOVE THIS HUGE DECORATIVE ROCK
""I hate confrontation"" ""No, you don't""
Calm down, people on FB who ran the Detroit marathon. I'd be running a shit load too if I were in Detroit.
Friend: All I want for Christmas is a new blender Me: Wouldn't you rather have your life together?
[Getting waterboarded] ""Um, sir the subject isn't responding to interrogation, he's just getting bigger"" [Me, a sponge] ""MwahahaHAHAHAA""
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a light bulb? Wanna ride bikes?!
[god to lions] You will be the symbol of power and prestige [sees the crickets] Ew. Uh...you guys just yell real loud when a comedian bombs
What is the difference between the substance inside a fire hydrant and the substance on the outside of it? H20 is on the inside, and K9P is on the outside.
A man buys shares from the stock market. But he never shared any of it.
What kind of present did the armless boy get for Christmas? Gloves. Jk he hasn't opened it yet!!
There are 10 kinds of people in the world. Those who understand binary and those who don't.
Before I had kids I was going to be an awesome mom.
Her: I like smart guys Me [eats soup with a fork & pretends I understood Interstellar]: thats what happens if u get stuck behind a bookcase
A child asked me where babies come from. I said"Like every other man, in Vegas after a night of drinking and clubbing.""
[hs reunion] JANE: i'm an engineer TOM: i'm a real estate developer AMY: i'm a lawyer *everyone looks at me* ME: *panics* i'm a hospital
If at first you don't succeed....
Did you hear about the chicken who liked classical music? I swear it was all he talked about. He would go on and on. ""Bach, Bach, Bach""!
My doctor told me I have type-a blood. Apparently it was a type-o!
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
Now that pinterest, instagram and netflix are down, I think I'm just going to spend the weekend learning the names of my children.
I just googled Magnum condoms and I swear I could hear Siri laughing.
What do you call a mad lunch? Hater-tots
An Australian man walked in on his girlfriend getting changed and she said ""Have you heard of knocking?"" He said ""It doesn't ring a bell""
I hit every traffic light coming home from work today. I should probably learn how to drive better.
Jokes about white sugar are rare... but brown sugar, Demerara.
How do you know if somebody graduated from Harvard? They'll tell you.
Tifu by farting in my girlfriend's face It was a shitty thing to do.
Three Jews walk into a bar Mitzvah.
A man walks into a bar... His alcohol dependency is tearing his family apart.
Sometimes I like to repost my statuses that didn't get any ""Likes""... because they deserve a second chance too.
I'm not racist... I own a color tv!
Doctor: Well ma'am looks like you're pregnant. Woman: I'm pregnant? Doctor: No it just looks like you are.
How did Canada get its name? They picked random letters out of a hat. C.... eh? N... eh? D....eh?
If you have 4 pencils and 7 apples, how many pancakes will fit on the roof? Purple. Because aliens don't wear hats.
Did you hear about the group of Warriors eating Caviar? They Choked
*runs into long lost friend* Him- I started out on the bottom now I'm a district MGR. what do you do? Me- I disappoint people
What do you call a pig who's been arrested for dangerous driving ? A road hog !
How many honest intelligent caring men in the world does it take to do the dishes? Both of them.
Apocalypse cheese I bought some apocalypse cheese. It said best before the end.
What do you need to perform a fair test in a mental asylum? A control freak.
What was early man's best friend? Primates
What kind of a fish do you always find on a beach? A dead one... 
Rapture's tomorrow. Christians will be flying up into the air to meet Jesus. Two words: DUCK HUNT
Bart Simpson's chalkboard was the original twitter.
How do you cut pizza? With Little Ceasar's.
What type of car would the Hamburglar drive? A Hamburghini.
Love is energy over time Because Watt is love?
What do you call it when the girl you like likes you back? Imagination
What do you call? What do you call nuts on a wall? Walnuts What do you call nuts on a chest? Chestnuts What do you call nuts on a chin? A dick in the mouth
A doctor says to his patient, ""I have good new and bad news..."" Patient: ""I'd like the good news first"" Doctor : ""Well, you're going to have a disease named after you...""
My husband says shaving his legs gives him an advantage when cycling, but I don't get how the high heels and pantyhose help.
Why do most French recipes require only one egg? In France, one egg is *un oeuf*
Where do Muslims go after they die? Everywhere
If Hillary and Donald Trump are on a boat together and it crashes, who survives? America.
Hubby took the kids downstairs and is letting me sleep in! I'm so excit..never mind, I hear crying already. I think it's my husband.
Whats the difference between a zombie and baby? A zombie may eat your brains, but a baby kills your dreams.
I used to make a living crushing cans. It was soda pressing.
What did John Lennon say when he got egg shells in his cake? Yolko Oh-no
Someone stole all the toilets from the local police station Detectives have nothing to go on.
A sandwich walks into a bar The bartender stares at it blankly and says, ""I'm sorry, we don't serve food.""
What is a homeless man's favorite type of music? House music
An Irishman Walks Out Of A Bar
What is The Rock going to name his Daughter? Pebbles!
What do you say to a person who calls a black fence a gate? No, a fence.
How Do Crazy People Go Through The Forest? They Take The Psycho Path
What did the great Ape say as he plummeted from the skyscraper? Listen baby I think I'm falling for you!
I have no use for this *tosses dictionary out of glass square thing which you can see outside through*
Haters gonna hate. Procrastinaters gonna ... get back to you on that tomorrow...
Which nipple does the red jumper cable go on? Asking for a freak.
Did you hear about the geometry teacher who tried to take a selfie? It was a protracted process but eventually he found the right angle.
When you talk about IP addresses of an iPad Do you call it iPaddress?
What does a chef call an undercover cop? Pig in a blanket.
You can tell a lot about a person by their avi. For instance if they use an egg, they're probably a chicken.
You could've told me that wasn't your real name before I got the tattoo.
What do you call a fly that literally can't even?
I told you to act natural while I paint. Why are you guys all sitting on the same side of the table? - DaVinci
I don't care about Disney lying about my Prince Charming. I'm more pissed about forest creatures and their unwillingness to clean my house.
What's red and is bad for your teeth? A Brick.
So a muslim guy walks into a bar.. Orders a drink, quietly enjoys it and then leaves. What? Were you expecting a more explosive punch line?
What is a big dinner for a cannibal? A three-corpse meal.
Hey Shakespeare, are you writing your next play in pentameter? Iamb.
Kinda bored. Might shake things up by believing in Santa again.
I recently met an indian baker who claimed to be socially rebellious He called himself a Naan-Conformist.
[aquarium exit] Excuse me ma'am, would you mind opening your bag? I beg your pardon?! OPEN YOUR BAG *opens bag and reveals two penguins*
The TSA was like ""Damn how did you get out of Iraq?"" Iran
@NBCSports thank you for making the sports
I asked my doctor where i should put my pants ""Next to mine"" was not the answer i was looking for.
There are 10 Types of People in the World... Those that understand binary...and those that don't.
What do you call a skeleton that been in the snow all night A numbscull
Justin Bieber roast during commercials Holy s**t balls.. what a roast so far. Who else is watching and laughing their a$$ off? Turns out Martha Stewart is a boss
You know who else has a naughty list? HR
Blind date I went on a blind date with this girl to a bar and as soon as I saw her I knew what I was going to drink. She ordered juice, I ordered coffee to go.
It's easy to be with my family because we have so much in common. Like, we all love to look at our phones!!
Iron Man is a super hero... Iron woman is a command.
I'd have sex with you but I'm married... and she's staring at us right now... quick she looked away!
Muslims are so open minded when it comes to politics They believe in the separation of church and state !
If you have sex with a prostitute... ...against her will, is it considered rape or shoplifting?
A study found that being cool in HS does not lead to being successful. The study was conducted by Moms who mean well but aren't helping.
Yelp Review: Babies Cute at first, but then screamy like angry pterodactyls. There is literally poop everywhere. Would not recommend.
*sits gf down* i am about to ask you a big question. if you dont know the answer then thats ok... *clears throat* where is the space jam dvd
What's a crackhead with no drugs? Crack-a-lacking
i like the viagra ad where the guy is on some crabbing boat in the middle of the bering sea, thinking about how he can't get hard anymore
What's the difference between a dead baby and a watermelon? Well the first noticeable difference is that the watermelon tastes better.
A bodybuilder asks a doctor for a pill that will enhance his muscles and increase the size of his penis and tan his skin Here, I'll prescribe you some testostyrone
Whatever you do, always give 100%. Unless you're donating blood
Most of my family has diarrhea it runs in our jeans
I think there are female hormones in beer Because, if you start drinking to much you start to get fat and you lose the ability to drive.
My wife recently broke up with me because I'm a compulsive gambler. All I can think about is how to win her back.
My wife and did it twice yesterday and we didn't use any protection... I'm worried we might have twins.
I call my nephews ""Dude"" and ""Homie"" because I'm the cool Aunt! (I don't know their names.)
Hooker to customer: ""I will do anything for you for $500"". Customer says incredulously: ""ANYTHING?"" Hooker: ""Sure"" Customer: ""Meet me at my house on Friday, I want you to -"" ""paint my house.""
Yo mamma's so old that... ...back in her day, old spice was just called spice!
They say two heads are better than one... men are the exception
What do bulls do for fun? Play with others.
What's E.T. short for? ... Cuz he's got little legs
What are the best kinds of speedbumps? Orphan shaped ones.
Kid 1: I'm bored Kid 2: me too Kid 3: our parents gave us horrible names
Life After Death Hey grandma, do you think that life after death will be beautiful? Grandma: Well that depends, who died?
I ate five cans of alphabet soup..... I had the biggest vowel movement of my life.
""My Cocaine"" How Michael Caine says his name...
Why does Stephen Hawking do one-liners? Cause he can't do stand-up.
Good cop: We got you red-handed! Weatherman cop: Well there's a 70% chance of guilt but I'd go ahead and make weekend plans
Could someone help me decide what's more two faced... Hillary Clinton or the coin
Knock Knock Kid: knock knock Dad: Who's there? Kid: Hatch Dad: Hatch who? Kid: Bless You.
6.8 billion people in the world and I just had to make my own sandwich.
What happens to a jew when he runs into a wall with an erection? He breaks his nose
When Your Girlfriend or Boyfriend Block You It,s Called An E-DIVORCE :D
The key to a long and good relationship is to keep the fights clean, and the sex dirty!!!
What's the difference between 9/11 and a computer? I give a shit when my computer crashes
When someone says ""surprise me"", I immediately drop my pants and start singing its raining men.
What's a nerdy way of saying a bad word? A canine with two X chromosomes.
I was casually swimming with a great white shark today. Until he bit my whole arm off.
I hate when I'm cruising in my convertible, hair blowing in the wind, then realize I'm just sitting on my ride-on lawnmower. Drunk. Again.
Yo Mama so ugly, she has to use prescription make-up!
I just lifted a couch to retrieve a Skittle that fell underneath it, so I get you Moms that lift cars to rescue children, I get you.
Obama: Joe, look. Full moon Biden: What? TONIGHT? *starts shapeshifting* Obama: Joe? Biden: AARRGHHH *Gore kicks door down* Gore: MANBEARPIG
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 raped snow white
Before the invention of the Internet, primitive humans had to Google stuff by waterboarding a librarian.
What do you call a barking dog riding the subway? a sub-woofer!!!
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb? apparently not 3, because my basement is still dark.
[1st day as police officer] PARTNER: THAT CAR FLEW BY DOING 126 MPH! LET'S ROLL! ME: Um, ok, but I literally JUST got this ice cream cone.
Why does everybody like the mushroom? Because he's a fun guy.
How do you get alot of people to check out your post? Tag it NSFW and repost it
Mondays are made for booze & antidepressants...ah hell, I'll just skip to the booze.
So it turns out I'm incapable of describing my feelings. Can't say I'm surprised...
[lookin in bushes for our baby] me: where the hell can he be? dog: roof roof roof me: will you shut up [baby waves at the dog from the roof]
I ran over a child who was on his way to band practice carrying his cymbals. I'll never forget that horrible sound as I rolled past his motionless corpse. Ba dum tiss
Let's play a game called Fuck Off You go first
[in basement lab] wife: you cant just make your own honey me: (mouth dry, spitting pollen everywhere) I know that now Lisa.
[mastercard commercial] ""there are some things that money can't buy"" politician: i don't get it
People call me lazy because I sleep 13 hours a day But to be fair, Jesus slept for three days straight and that started a religion.
Sick of tweeting. Switching to faxing. What's everybody's fax numbers?
In the South, everyone is treated like family I guess that explains the rape
*sees guy ordering pizza* ""With onion"" (Ok) ""Sausage"" (Nice) ""Mushroom"" (Hell yea) ""Chk"" (Plz) ""Meatballs"" (Why) ""Anchovies"" (Ur dead to me)
So my pregnant wife wanted to introduce toys in the bedroom... I suggested a clothes hangar
What's the best name for a male dildo-maker? [NSFW] Dick Smith.
A constipated woman once went 45 days without pooping It was a crowning achievement
It took me a long time to figure out how one could like EDM music. I didn't think Electrical Discharge Machining could even make music.
I usually hate having long hair But I think it's growing on me.
Remember that guy that told us that he had no asshole? I think he's full of shit.
The dinner I ate last night is going to give my grandchildren diabetes.
I told my wife I love her like a Brit loves soccer... She looked worried and said, ""So you're going to get drunk and yell at me?"" EDIT: correcting auto-correct.
{Police Job Interview} Captain: Go out & kill 5 Blacks, 3 Mexicans & a kitten. Recruit: Why kill a kitten? Captain: You're hired.
Religious differences Judge asks one young couple: The reason of your divorce? Wife: Religious differences! My husband did not recognize that I goddess.
Got into a car accident with a mobile library before. I'm perfectly fine, but the police really threw the book at me.
I love every bone in your body, especially mine.
What do you call a bunch of white guys and a one black man Court
which power ranger is racist? the WHITE POWER ranger
I do less before 9AM than most people don't do all day.
*a tree branch bursts into a bank with a gun* ""THIS IS A STICK UP"" *everyone laughs* ""GUYS IM SERIOUS"" *more laughter* ""DAMN IT"" *leaves*
Why is Hannibal so rich? Well, he save on groceries.
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy? Gang Rape.
[bedtime] brain: hey remember that lost episode where the couple gets paralyzed DO THOSE SPIDERS LIVE NEAR US me: SLEEP brain: NO, GOOGLE IT
Me: Where were you supposed to poop? 2-year-old: The potty. Me: So why didn't you? 2: I'm too busy.
North Koreans are huge Dark Souls fans They spend all their time praisin' the son.
When everyone around you has their phone out... I guess you could say... you're in a phony world... I am so sorry guys.
What Did H Say 2 O? Water you doing?
I just bought a thesaurus at the store and brought it home to find out all the pages are blank. I have no words to describe how angry I am.
A Scotsman walks into a bar.. Normally there is a Welshman, Irishman and Englishman, but they're all in Marseille at the Euro's.
What's the difference between batman and a black man? Batman can go into a store without robin.
When I was 16 years old, the morning of my birthday, my parents tried to surprise me with a car, but they missed.
A person's tongue immediately becomes a toothbrush after you mention ""teeth"" in a conversation.
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing nothing but plastic wrap... The psychiatrist says, ""I can clearly see you're nuts"".
There was a counter top on layaway at Home Depot. They said it was for the Packers' punt returner, Hyde. It was for Micah.
I once slowly roasted a Marshmallow over fire until the Michelin Man gave me some free tires.
How did michael hutchence take his drugs? Inxs
When I use my grandmother's cast iron skillet I feel close to her. Even though she's way, way up there repairing the space station
No power. Mitt Romney : ""8 Million Americans still have no power."" Obama: ""8 Million and one.""
Why didn't the dog play cards on his ocean cruise? Because the captain stood on the deck.
My son wants to dress as a Catholic Priest for Halloween... Well, he can go fuck himself.
My mom saw me crying in my room and asked what's wrong. I told her I feel like I didn't exist. She told me I do exist because im a pain in the ass.
What do you call a woman with two black eyes? Nothing, Chris Brown doesn't want you getting involved in his personal life
What has 5 arms, 3 legs, and 2 feet? The finish line at the Boston Marathon.
Can I list french fries as my significant other?
My wife slammed her fist on the table and shouted... ""Why must you question everything I say!?"" ...""Everything?"" I replied
Where does the three legged horse live? The unstable
How does a Buzzfeed writer catch fish? Clickbait.
I'll tell you what I know about dwarfs! Very Little Courtesy of Jimmy Carr
I adopted a rock. He just sits there and does nothing all day. It still beats raising Kylo.
i work in the elevator business. It has it's ups and downs.
How's anal like your first car? (x-post from r/funny) You don't really want it, but your dad gives it to you anyways. (From Dark Humor on FB)
Just learned that New York's state bird is a guy apologizing for being late because of the trains while holding a brand new coffee.
The only way that Mexico will build and pay for the wall... ..is after Trump runs the economy into the ground and Mexico has to keep the illegal job-seeking Americans out.
It takes two who know how to tango to tango.
Why did the scarecrow get an award? He was out standing in his field....
So... I hear Bono's door fell off his plane yesterday... I guess he doesn't like unexpected things happening to HIS property without his knowledge, either.
Chuck Norris is currently suing myspace for taking the name of what he calls everything around you.
I used to be impatient.... ... I just don't have the time anymore.
What do you call a Jewish minister that barbecues? A Ribeye.
A woman says to her cat ""Go and make me a sandwich"" The cat says ""Me? how?""
Me have great grammar... Me learnt everything I know from Sesame Street!
My life coach told me I was going to be traded at the end of the year.
Just stopped by my old high school and updated my phone number on all the bathroom stalls.
What do you get when you cross a polar bear and a seal? A polar bear
Quick Snowden Transition into a woman
My WWII joke is quite predictable How did Jew Nazi that coming?
It can not get any worser. So I thought but as it seems I have really weak imagination.
What's the difference between a lobster and an oriental woman run over by a steamroller? One's a crustacean and the other a crushed Asian.
What's the difference between outlaws and in-laws? Outlaws are wanted
the times they are indeed a changin..but the one time thatll never change is Lunch time. lock them engagements in if you think this is good.
What is this superb owl of which you speak?
Doctor Sawbones speaking. Oh doctor my  girlfriend's just dislocated her jaw. Can you come over in say three  or four weeks' time?
""I used to work at a fire hydrant factory."" ""You couldn't park anywhere *near* the place!"" -Steven Wright
*bursts into English convention* GRAB ALL THE STUFF YOU CAME WITH THE BUILDING'S ON FIRE *crickets* Christ. THE STUFF WITH WHICH YOU CAME
why call it ordering pizza and not the pursuit of happiness
What kind of tree grows in your hand? A palm tree.
Nobody works harder than a drunk person trying to carefully whisper a secret.
Hear the one about the deaf man who went fishing? Neither did he.
Where do dead people buy their cigarettes? At the coroner store.
How do you make a dead baby float? Root beer and two scoops of dead baby.
MAN: See my tattoo? It says ""Only God can judge me."" GOD: That shirt with those pants?
Angry Birds? Hmmph. In my day we had real entertainment. For instance, have you seen the classic film ""The Birds?"" It's about Angry Birds.
I may have Alzheimer's, but at least I don't have Alzheimer's!
One Hundred Metres to the Bus Stop by Willy Makit illustrated by Betty Wont
First guy to invent a bread bowl was like ""I'm gonna rip the top of this muffin & pour soup in it""
My memory is flawless But my ability to recall is not great
If Mary had baby Jesus, and baby Jesus was the Lamb of God... Did Mary have a little lamb?
When I move, I don't pack my belongings. Because I live my life outside of the box.
Beer - tastes like I have friends Title.
What is a banged-up used car? A car in first-crash condition.
- Police, open the door. - What do you want? - We just wanna talk. - How many of you are there? - Two. - Well just talk to each other.
*Action movie guy gets shot 3 times* It's nothing, I'll be fine. *gets shot a 4th time* Wow ok, that last one, ok whoooooo.
What did the yoga teacher say when someone asked if she wanted to leave the party early? Namaste
I could be a morning person. If morning started around noon.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A RIP OFF!!!
The playwright wanted to make a play using only particles made from 2 quarks each. It was his meson scene.
Have you heard the one about the dog on the roof? You wouldn't get it, it's over your head.
I wish that my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply
I like my women like I like my whiskey... Light brown, from the south, and kept in a lightless cabinet only to be taken out on special occasions.
What will fall on the lawn first? An  autumn leaf or a Christmas catalogue?
Boss: Where were you born? Santa : India. Boss: which part? Santa : What 'which part'? Whole body was born in India.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because Korea's missiles can't reach that far.
I watched the movie San Andreas today and I really enjoyed it Despite its faults.
Just bought a book ""Jokes about Captain Obvious"". It's full of Captain Obvious jokes.
What do a penis and a Rubik's Cubes have in common? The more you play with it, the harder it gets.
""The top of my toliet seat is uncomfortable to sit on. I want it to feel like my living room floor"" - inventor of carpet toliet seat covers
What did the detective particle say to the suspect particle? I got my ion you.
Why did the octopus blush? He saw the bottom of the ocean
What kinda vegetables like to party? Lettuce turnip da beet!
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they just beat the room for being black. *drops mic, gets beat by security*
I wonder what the chimpanzee who will one day feast on your eyes and fingers is doing today.
So i found a new clickbait technique. So did you.
""WHAT IS IT? WHAT IS GOING ON? IS THAT RAIN? OH GOD I WISH I HAD EYES"" - Worms
I don't understand why I keep getting denied for bank loans because I have good credit & I'm only asking to borrow like four or five banks.
Why did the man commit suicide by helium suffocation? He wanted to go out on a high note.
What did the burger do when he ate his enemy the hotdog? he relished it
What do you call a homeless guy who broke up with his girlfriend a while ago? A man who hasn't eaten in days.
I heard Bill Cosby made a SexTape. . . It's twice as strong as Duct Tape.
I submitted X puns to Reddit in the hopes that one would make the front page. No pun in ten did.
The scientists have finally found out what a woman wants. But she has already changed her mind.
Everyone one knows Nissan's Motorsport brand, NISMO.... But most forget Honda's brand, HOMO...it's pretty gay if you ask me...
Cop: we know you're in there. Me in a French accent: I am not ere, I am in France. Cop: when will you be back? Me: je ne comprends pas
I notice you only call when you want something Person calling: ma'am your bill is 90 days past due
Remember when we were all like ""FACEBOOK MOVIE WITH JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE?!'
What type of dog suffers from being inbred? A hotdog
Did the Deer have any doe? he had 2 Bucks
I just broke up with my girlfriend. It's okay though she said we could still be cousins!
Why did they hire the police department to design a new superconductor? ""STOP RESISTING!!!""
Why do chicken coops only have 2 doors? Because if they had 4 doors, they would be called chicken sedans...
BEAR JUDGE: Counsel, this is your last warning, you cannot-- LAWYER: *plays dead* BEAR JUDGE: Where did he go
My suit made entirely of Hello Kitty Bandaids did not help me much at my hospital interview. Apparently you have to go to medical school.
Read more Accountant jokes
Wife [interrogating]: How long have we been married dear? Me: How dare you try and sneak maths into this.
Nice try, resealable potato chip bags.
A wise man once said........................... nothing,,, He just let her vent
I don't care about all the nasty stuff people put on here about Nicki Minaj. I'll still suck her c**k anytime.
I just ate an entire bag of Werther's and now I'm 80 years old, own a floral couch, smoke Virginia Slims, got a perm and my name is Shirley.
How many tries did it take to find out if Lance Armstrong was ticklish? One testtickle
When a guy shaves his head bald and wears a sweatband, the top of his head looks like a stick of roll-on deodorant.
How do deaf people tell each other secrets ? They wear mittens.
I'm here to write an article about procrastination Actually I'll do it later remind me
Q: Why does a viola burn longer than a  violin? A: It is usually still in the case.
So a man says to a woman, can I smell your vagina? Horrified, she slaps him and screams ""NO""! He rubs his cheek and says, ""I guess it must be your feet then.""
/r/News Pyongyang FIFY
Bieber enacts law in Arizona that requires Iron Man to clean up oil spill using an iPad. #help #allmynewscomesfromtwitter
What's black, white and red all over? South Africa
Nephew just whispered something into a Cadbury Easter Bunny's ears then broke off its head. I'm sleeping with the lights on.
A magician walks down the street and turns into a bar. Voila!
Why doesn't Santa have any children? Because he only comes once a year and when he does, it's down the chimney.
[CREATING GROUNDHOGS] GOD: a rat dog ANGEL: check GOD: that whispers to white people ANGEL: what? GOD: about the weather ANGEL:
Why can't a blonde count to 70? Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
Which side of the goose has the most feathers? The outside
If you wondered if I was on the naughty list this year, I should probably tell you that the best gift I got was a packing peanut.
Put me in your bio so I know it's real... Just kidding, I'd rather be in your will.
A couple are having trouble with their marriage... Wife: We used to have something special Jon! Something rare and precious! What happened to that? Husband: You spent it all dear.
Pupil: I don't think I deserved zero on this  test! Teacher: I agree but that's the lowest mark I could give you!
What did the vet say about the maimed donkey? Wow, that ass sure took a pounding
What do we want? HEARING AIDS! When do we want them? WHAT?!
I saw a sign on the highway that read ""End Road Construction."" And I was like, shit, the anti-road construction people are getting vocal.
These twins I knew in high school both got mono... They got stereo
Statistically... 9/10 people enjoy gang rape
What Is the difference between Michael Jackson and a plastic bag? One is white, made of plastic, and very dangerous if left around small children. The other is a plastic bag.
COP: Do you realize you were speeding back there? ME: Can you be sure it wasn't just the planet slowing down? COP: I'm listening
The Illuminati is the belief that the most powerful ppl on Earth are in a conspiracy to leave giant clues that they're part of a conspiracy.
What do you call a dog in a submarine? A subwoofer
Wife: I'm making breakfast for dinner tonight. What do you want? Me: Bacon. Wife: And? Me: *blank stare* Wife: AND? Me: A napkin?
Why do they call it Black Friday? Because it's the only day blacks can afford to go shopping
After many years of studying at a university, I've finally become a PhD... or Pizza Hut Deliveryman as people call it.
What is an Irish 7 course meal? A six pack and a potato
What do you call it when the Russian president sits on a box of crackers? Putin on the Ritz~
I think my glasses make me look ugly... and so do my contacts
With great power comes huge electricity bill
My niece was in the hospital getting treatment for leukemia. She asked me if I'd visit her when she got out. I said ""Nah, I really hate cemeteries.""
TIL the Hindenburg fire wasn't caused by excess heat After all, it's not the heat, it's the humanity.
How can you tell when someone is vegan? Don't worry, they'll tell you.
Caesar salads are prepared differently than garden salads...Notably, the head of lettuce is first attacked by 40-50 knife-wielding senators.
Shoutout to grandpa... That's the only way he can hear.
Q: Why did the one-handed man cross the road? A: To get to the second hand shop.
What's Donald Trumps favorite Pink Floyd album The wall
A man goes to the Doctor for a physical. The doctor says, ""I'm sorry but you are going to need to stop masturbating."" ""Why?"" the man asks. The doctor says, ""Because I'm trying to examine you.""
Headline: ""Russian Jet Shot Down by Turkey"" My 1st thought was, ""Holy shit the bird has gone Rambo."" I must have Thanksgiving on my mind.
So a horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks him what he wants. The horse unable to understand english, shits on the floor and leaves
[robbing Whole Foods] ""All the cash in a bag NOW!"" 100% organic reusable bag ok? ""Yes!"" [puts half the cash] I had to charge for the bag
Lifeguard 1: How was your day? Lifeguard 2: Sad, I saw a bear in lake 1: How is that sad? 2: He could bearly swim! 1:.. 2: He ate 3 campers
Hub: You ready to go? Me: In a minute, I'm beating the kids. [Cut to me just decimating the kids at Mario Kart]
My cell phone battery dies quicker than a mother in a Disney movie
What words men never want to hear during sex? Hi honey, I'm home.
If electricity comes from electrons, does morality come from morons?
What is the difference between a dollar and a ruble ? A dollar.
Just picked up a Where's Waldo audiobook: ""Not Waldo, not Waldo, not Waldo, not Waldo, not Waldo, not Waldo, not Waldo, not Waldo""
What do you call an elephant creeping through the jungle in the middle of the night ? Russell !
*slips into milk bath* *starts drinking*
Batman cuts off a seemingly innocuous driver in the Batmobile, only to deal with the driver later, with the help of Superman #ChangingBanes
When someone you don't like is eating them, chips sound like 1000 asteroids smashing into the polar ice caps.
What did dracula say to his girlfriend when she asked about sex? ""I only do oral once a month""
Grenade in a french bathroom What do you get when you throw a hand grenade into a french bathroom? Linoleum Blown Apart
What's the chilliest ground in the premiership ? Cold Trafford !
Humans: we're not like snakes Also Humans: mmmm eggs
""Taxi"" A: Hey, man! Please call me a taxi. B: Yes, sir. You are a taxi.
I used to work at the factory that made fire hydrants. Couldn't park anywhere near the place.
I just got a great new lab coat! The meat was pretty good too.
I was trying to make my own joke on Mexicans... But everything I came up with was borderline childish.
How many prolog programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? Yes.
A random Aussie called me a cunt. I guess we are like best friends now.
It's amazing how alcohol can make you do so many stupid things on your smart phone.
why pay kristen stewart millions of dollars when a cardboard cutout of kristen stewart will give the exact same performance for free
That moment when your crush is absent, and you wasted your time going to school.
What did the mother tomato tell the baby tomato when the baby tomato was walking too slow? Honey, walk faster, KETCHUP!
Why do Chinese tourists get disappointed when they visit America? Because when they buy souvenirs they find out they were made in China.
When is it too cold to build a snowman? When the frostbite is worse then the frostbark.
What do Jewish pedophiles say? ""Hey kid, want to buy some candy?""
What was the only thing missing from phil hughes' last innings???? -a duck
Dove: Dad, what's my name mean? Me: It's the symbol for love Swallow: What about mine? Me: Umm, true love.
Why do Jew like to watch porn in reverse? They like the part where the hooker gives the money back.
my Playstation got stolen... i have no one to console me.
There are tons of girls in my software engineering class... ...just not very many of them.
Did you hear the one about the Mexican train bandit? He had locomotives.
Once you've seen one shopping center... you've seen the mall
Earth has billions of inhabitants, while Uranus has only one.... My dick.
Best time to go to the dentist? tooth hurty
What were the 2 doctors who worked with Schrodinger called? A *paradox.*
My brother, Max, asked me to come up with a nickname for him. Now we just call him Maxx.
I throw my poop to birds to give them a taste of the parallel universe.
*Buys map of world, pins up on wall *Throws dart, swears to visit wherever it lands *packs for wall 3 feet away *has an amazing time at wall
""Mommy, mommy, I don't wanna see grandma!"" ""Shut up and keep digging!""
Relationship advice: Find someone who likes (or dislikes) the same amount of air-conditioning as you, and stick with them.
A horse walks into a bar. The bar tender says ""Hey."" The horse says ""You read my mind buddy.""
Hey baby, you must be from Ireland because when I look at you, my penis is Dublin
It's hard to find true love these days. Even Charles Manson's fiance wanted him for his body.
A student staring off in class... The teacher said to the student ""starring off into space never got anyone far in life."" The student quipped ""That's what they told Galileo.""
A sadist met a masochist... and said ""hurt me"" ""No"" said the sadist.
Here, have my marionette set. ""Cool. How much for it?"" Just take it ""For free? What's the catch?"" No strings attached. ""You son of a bit..""
What do you call a loud group of Cowboys? A Reckon-ing.
Can't trust anyone that refuses to admitnThey are wrong. nnSidenote: I do have a place to hide their bodies.
A Prostitute offered me holy water the other day... Still not sure what hole it came from.
I went on a date last night!nIt went really well...up until the moment the couple realized I was following them & promptly called the cops.
For my birthday, I got a Rolex from my lesbian neighbor. I think she misunderstood me when I told her I wanna watch.
My friend Mahmoud bombed his physics final. At least he didn't fail.
I recently got addicted to this new only chicken diet Guess I'll have to go cold turkey if I want to stop.
Mexican Magician There was a Mexican Magician standing on the stage. He said, ""On the count of three, I will make myself disappear!"" ""Uno!"" ""Dos!"" POOF! He disappeared without a tres!
Guess what? Good guess
Why did the president start the bar fight? So he could pass the bill.
[Weasel & mink are cuddling, watching a nature documentary] Narrator: ...the mink, a close relative of the weasel Weasel: Oh no Susan oh god
White people are only thinking about one of 5 things at any given moment: 1. skiing 2. sadness 3. edamame 4. revenge 5. Greek yogurt.
Did you hear about the pizza boy who wanted to become a comedian? (OC) His material is terrible, but his delivery is amazing!
The same people who laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously.
[at stadium with child] Me: That is batball. [at the races] Me: That is horse circles. [at the opera] Me: This is horned yodeling.
What would martin Luther king be if he was white? Alive.
Definition of Divorce: The future tense of  marriage.
Nobody's gonna believe this, but I just saw a 20 something year old white girl without bangs.
Why are magicians always sad? Because everything they have disappears
'Pardon my French' -People who you would never pardon and who don't know any French
Bees aren't disappearing. Trump has been secretly deporting them because he thinks pollination is a hoax created by the Chinese.
How many angels can dance on the head of a pin? Depends on what tune the Devil happens to be playing. Ha. Ha ha. Ha ha ha.
""Is my butt is too big?"" my girlfriend asked, staring at her reflection in the mirror. Sensing a trap, I fell to the ground and played dead.
[NSFW] Why did the semen cross the road? Because I wore the wrong socks
Damn girl, are you damn girl? Because damn girl
Why do inquisitive peppers annoy people? Because they get jalapeno business.
Just so u know guys I literally covered my roommates bed in 324 pieces of cornbread 2 make it a ""cornbed"" so ur fakes puns mean nothing 2 me
What the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus The picture only takes one nail to hang.
The picture heading read ""Panorama!"" I thought it said ""Paranormal"" I wasted hours staring at these elongated images looking for ghosts.
What did earth say to the other planet? ""You guys have no life!""
Will Apple ever release a product that lasts for more than a few years? iDoubtit
My son is at that tender age where he believes me when I say that the dog ate the rest of the cookies out of the pantry.
Why did the Trump campaign order its followers to destroy all fax machines? They thought it was spelled ""facts.""
Why did Hitler always win at limbo? Because no one else could stoop any lower.
An African, an Asian, and an Eskimo walk into a deez. Deez nuts.
This Uber driver is the worst. I can't roll down the windows, he keeps asking questions, the doors won't open, and now his siren is blaring.
Filled the tank up with petrol today. Now all the fish are dead.
How much toilet paper do people use on a daily basis? A shit ton.
What's the worst thing about challenging an unjust law? Failing to get away.
Accuracy ##You miss 100% of the shits you don't take. Made this typo and thought it was hilarious...
Where do bears store their military weapons? In bearracks.
Paid a visit to 'www.conjunctivitis.com' earlier... Believe me, it's a site for sore eyes.
I like drawing frat boys on passed out dicks.
That ONE time In class you raise your hand, and some motherfucker screams out the answer.
Democrats let their kids open all the gifts on Christmas Eve. Republicans make their kids wait until Christmas morning.
Why does Popeye have such huge forearms? Olive Oil is a virgin
i said no to the dress & now my familys being held against their will in an undisclosed location theyve already sent me two of my son's toes
Is it really 2016? I mean Tarzan is playing in theaters, Pokemon is a craze, and a Clinton is running for President of the United States.
What do geological plates and dinner plates have in common? They're both pieces of china.
The best things in life require no pants.
barn owls must have been stoked when the barn was invented
Wanna hear a cheesy conspiracy? Halluminati
Have you heard of the new movie ""constipation""? It hasn't came out yet
What do you call a middle eastern man with a bounty on his head? A towel head.
""Snitches get stitches"" Cute little rhyme.. However I believe, ""Snitches never wake up again"" is more likely to deter snitching...
I like my women the way I like my coffee Tied up in a burlap sack and slung over the back of Juan Valdez's mule.
I got a Jury Summons today, I'm sending them my Twitter profile to get out of it. Fingers crossed.
#HowToGetABlackGirl Tell her she look like Rihanna even tho she look like whoopi goldberg in the color purple
Why don't midgets smoke weed? Because they can't get high.
Q: What are the small bumps around a woman s nipples for? A: It's Braille for 'Suck here.'
What kind of monster can sit on the end of your finger? The bogeyman.
Why did the Golfer feel aladeen about his socks ? He had a hole in one.
whats a Mexicans favorite video game? Borderlands
Red light : Stop Yellow light : Proceed w/ caution Green light : Wait till everyone hates you then go
This crunchy cat food tastes a lot like I just poured from the wrong packet into my cereal bowl.
Ho, ho, ho, Merry Christmas! This is what Santa Clause says when he sees your wife, mother and sister together in the same room.
Me: *stumbles in front of boss at work* Boss: haha have a nice trip, see you in the fall Me: *takes 8 month vacation*
If I'm ever arrested, I would use my one phone call for pizza.
Totally blasting Billy Joel out of my minivan. I'm like sex on wheels right now.
Marijuana was a big problem in Auschwitz. Jews would go there just to get baked.
Bill Clinton has been battling the same illness for 17 years. Pneumonica.
Wes Craven died? Well that sucks, I sure wes craven another scary movie...
Oral can make your whole day Anal can make your hole weak.
What do you call Nazis from San Francisco? Bay Aryans
What do you call a group of militant feminists? A Militia Etheridge
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil? I've never paid to see a lentil.
Oh, you're an early riser? Yes. Have kids? No. A farm? No. Insomnia? No. Medical condition? No. Psycho.
Sorry I threw firewood at you and yelled ""shoo"", but with the amount of eye liner you wear, you resemble the raccoons that raided my cooler.
Did you hear about the physics student that committed suicide by jumping off a skyscraper? What a shame. He had so much potential.
I tried to catch fog once... I mist
I'm dating an x-ray technician... But I don't know what she sees in me.
How can you spot a Canadian They're the ones that say ""Thank You"" to the ATM
40% of divorces stem from $ issues. 40% are caused by infidelity. The remaining 20% have been linked to IKEA purchases requiring assembly.
My friend accidentally shot off his toes. He told me to take him to the hospital,But I can't I'm Lack-toes-intolerant.
Gordon Ramsay rejected all the photos taken to showcase his latest menu ... ... they were formatted RAW
I think I love my girlfriend... But I need to ask Rudy Guliani to be sure.
Me and my friends started a band called 1,023 Megabytes... We haven't gotten a gig yet.
What do you call a government consisted of burglars? A thiefdom.
Home is where the bag filled with plastic bags filled with plastic bags filled with plastic bags is.
What do you call a dizzy asian? Disorientaled.
What does an apple and an apple tree have in common? They both don't drive tractors.
What do you call a Mexican that loses a car? Carlos.
The Wright Way ""I think it is wrong that one company makes Monopoly."" -Steven Wright
You raised me and taught me everything I know. Happy Father's Day, internet.
How do you start a stampede in Ethiopia? Carve a turkey
Depression hurts. Ask your doctor if maybe he wants to hang out Saturday night if he's not doing anything.
How many men does it take to change a lightbulb? Not all men.
What's something that the inventor doesn't want, the buyer doesn't use, and the user doesn't know about it? A casket
Q: What do you call a slow hurricane? A: A slowicane.
Contrary to common belief, only 5.7 million Jews were killed during the Holocuast, for you see... the Nazis were known for rounding them up.
I recently joined a nudist colony.. The first week was the hardest
How did Pinocchio realize he was made of wood? His hand caught on fire.
a fruedian slip is when you say one thing. . . . when you're thinking of a mother.
Sean Connery walks into a library and asks for a book on solo photography. ""Shelf E" replied the librarian. ""Aye that's the one" said Sean
How many atheists does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to actually change the bulb, and the other to videotape so Christians can't claim God did it.
You know what gets me down? Elevators.
What do you call a longshoreman who only unloads sugar substitutes? A steviadore.
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A HUNTER &amp
What did the squash say to the cucumber when he saw the pumpkin patch get blown up? Oh My Gourd!
There was a man who entered a local paper's pun contest. He sent in tendifferent puns, hoping that at least one of the puns would win. Unfortunately,no pun in ten did.
How often did the asian cow go to the gym? Dairy
Interesting how alzheimer's makes people forget their own name
What do you call a sleep walking nun? A roamin' Catholic.
Calm down, take a deep breath and hold it for about 20 minutes.
yesterday at the mall a woman asked for my opinion between two men's shirts and immediately went to check out with the one i didn't choose
BREAKING: An egg. I'm making scrambled eggs.
5yo after licking my face: ""Sorry. My mouth meant to kiss you but my brain told me to lick you.""
Why was General Yoda afraid of April? Because March, April May.
""I just want a guy that makes me laugh"" *makes her laugh* ""Not you.""
Math problems are like women If they're under 18 just do them in your head
The barber asked me ""do u have any kids"" & I said ""I do not, no"" and he got very quiet, realize now he probs thought I said ""I do not know""
Men are like placemats, they only show up when there's food on the table. 
I poked my eye out .(
My daughter just entered singing ""Love you like a love song"". So, your love has a 3 1/2 minute expiration date? Well, I guess that's honest.
What's the difference between Rihanna and Britney Spears? ... Britney asked to be hit one more time..
What do plantains say when they lose their phone? ""Where did Mofongo?""
What do you call an angry terrorist? Amin Amood
WIFE: you're so overly dramatic ME: no i'm not [10 hired backup singers burst through the wall shouting ""no he's not""] dammit guys, not now
Hey girl, are you an F5 key? Cause that ass is refreshing.
What do you call an epileptic in a lettuce patch? Seizure salad
A reasonably attractive girl applied for a modelling job in a glamour magazine She was a candid eight.
""Use the forceps, Luke!"" - Obi Gyn Kenobi
What do you call it when three french cats get into a boat only meant for two? Un, deux, trois, quatre, cinq!
What goes ""Hahahahaha...*thud*""? Someone laughing their head off
A guy told a story about a creeper who got too close to him in /r/minecraft. It blew up. I'll show myself out.
What do cannibals call family members they love? Bae-Kin
How do you get a woman to pick cotton?' Set her tampon string on fire.
I used to be addicted to doing the Hokey Pokey Luckily I since turned myself around.
Once you go Norris, you are physically unable to go back.
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle... ...he just didn't have the balls to do it.
Thanks to home security commercials, I am now terrified of middle aged white men.
A man tried to sell me a coffin today. I told him that's the last thing I need. Edit: missed a word
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand? Quatro Cinco
April 1st, officially the worst day of the year to have a cardiac arrest.
Why was the egg kicked out of the comedy club? Because he was telling bad yolks!
*loads dryer* Fitted Sheet: HE'S BURNING US ALIVE! COME, SHIRT! COME, PANTS! HOP IN MY BOSOM AND I WILL FORM A PROTECTIVE BALL OF MOISTURE!
Steve Jobs isn't really dead The nurses are just holding him the wrong way [Source](http://sickipedia.org/joke/view/1108293)
What do you call weaponized sushi? A combat roll
Don't you hate it when dontyouhateitwhenpeopledontusespaces
What do Japan and Shaq have in common? Kobe Beef
How do you confuse a gay? 7
I registered as a sex offender.. ..just so I wouldn't have to wake up early to drive the kids to school.
I have two tickets to the Euro's final.. problem is it's on the same day as my wedding... So if anyones interested it's at St.Peters church in Brighton and her name is Sarah.
Close your eyes. Picture a world without hunger. Open your eyes. I ate your sandwich.
anti-tattoo people saying ""my body's a temple"" like they wouldn't worship at a temple that had an enormous mural of a tiger fighting a cobra
I decided to make my password ""incorrect"" because if I type it in wrong, my computer will remind me, ""Your password is incorrect.""
I tattooed the word ""WINNER"" on my forehead in case I meet anyone new and they have any doubts
What man knows the way to a girl's heart more than any other? A surgeon.
If a women regrets her decisions and a man never regrets his. Then what happens to the transsexual?
A penguin walks into a bar and asks ""Has my brother been in here?"" And the bartender says ""I don't know. What does he look like?""
What do a democratic Asian and a gay guy have in common? They both love an erection
Shortest Joke I've Ever Heard
Life is too complicated in the morning.
I've lost most of my hearing, but it's okay because it turns out the only thing people say to me is ""nothing, nevermind.""
Doc, I can't stop singing... ""Doc, I can't stop singing the 'Green Green Grass of Home'."" He said: ""That sounds like Tom Jones syndrome."" ""Is it common?"" I asked. He replied, ""It's not unusual.""
How do you pick up older Spanish women? Hola Seniority
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell outta it.
My uncle has one leg. He's got a second one as as well. But he also has one
What's long and hard on a black man? The third grade.
My father is invisible... a trans-parent
I hate when Netflix asks if I'm still watching. You really think I got my life together in the last 2 hours?
My 10 y/o daughter made this joke up on the way to school... What do you get when you cross Hitler with a fish? A-dolphin!
World War III will happen when Jason Statham kidnaps Liam Neeson's daughter.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side, of course!
What do you get if you put 20 blondes in a row standing ear to ear? A wind tunnel.
Dearest wife, The war on Christmas goes well. We found an elf stronghold & cut off its candy cane supply lines. Last night, they ate Donner.
I met a girl with 12 boobs once... sounds funny dozen tit.
Which religion lets you eat as much pizza as you want without getting fat?
Q: Why are all black people fast? A: Because the slow ones are in jail.
When a girl comes over for a date, I make sure I leave a hammer and measuring tape on the counter so she doesn't suspect that I watch Glee
How many philosophers does it take to screw in a light bulb? It depends on the definition of lightbulb.
What does Moses do when he wants a beer? He brews!
cop: [making list of animals that escaped] zookeeper: ""the tigers should be your top priority"" cop: [scribbling out ducks] ""obviously""
Someone rang my doorbell twice this morning, so I guess I'm having lunch behind the couch.
Can gorillas swim? No.
Bikes a bike cannot stand on its own because it is two tired.
Guys, stop with the vagina jokes. Period.
Why don't they sell aspirin in the rainforest? Because it would be economically unviable to market a pharmaceutical in such a vastly unpopulated area.
What do you call the mercury mine? Hg wells
Shortest joke ever? ""Pretentious? Moi?""
What fish make the best sandwich? A peanut butter and jellyfish
The longest joke in the world. [Worth it.] (http://www.longestjokeintheworld.com)
My eyes are fine but I still failed my eye exams... I guess I shouldn't have copied off the asian guy.
For my summer job, I worked at the zoo, circumsizing elephants The pay wasn't great, but the tips were enormous!
Marriage brings two people together to solve issues they never had before
People are always impressed to find out that I got my PhD at 17 but anything is possible if you work hard enough and lie.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the Internet was a thing I asked my 17 brothers and sisters, and they didn't know either
What kind of pants does Mario wear? Denim Denim Denim
Just be yourself. All the good personalities are taken.
I used to get sad when the leaves fell from the trees... But then they always grew back, so that was a releaf.
Did you know
I bought a duckdoo yesterday! 'What's a duckdoo?' ""quack, quack""
This guy says to me, ""Your girlfriend looks like a man"" I said ""Your girlfiend looks like a man too: the invisible man!""
If you love someone, let them know often. Because you might not be able to say it again. Also, same thing works for people you f*cking hate
My friend attempted to make a cocktail... but she didn't have the Bols.
We're working on saving our second million. The first one didn't go so well.
We get it, Charmin. Bears love to shit.
Every video my wife has taken with her phone has me in it saying, ""Are you taking a video?""
What did the polite gay man say to the other man when he left the bar? Please allow me to push in your stool sir.
Who is the most trustworthy lover? Shakira. Her hips don't lie.
A new sickness has been found and researchers report it infects only the nose. According to them, this is a full-blown disease.
There's a lot of pretty woman at spring because during other seasons you appreciate them with your brain.
Why did Donald Duck break up with Daisy Duck? Turns out she was a quack whore.
Cell phone, I don't know why you keep capitalizing TEQUILA but I like the way you party.
Bands who can't afford a smoke machine should hire my wife to cook at their concert
What's the difference between an erection and a Camaro? I don't have a Camaro....
Fingerprints are proof that God doesn't trust us
Wu-Tang is my favorite 15 person rap group and reaction to a beverage.
My mate just phoned me to tell me he had changed his name by deed poll to spinal column. ""Can I call you back?"" I asked.
What's a glow worms favourite song ? Wake me up before you glow glow !
I'm gonna pretend my dad didn't abandon me but is actually on the missing Malaysia air flight and he'll be back
The masochist asks the sadist: please hurt me. The sadist answers: No!
All in favor of imitating Spanish women say ""Aye-yi-yi.""
The life of a Dick. A dick has a sad life. His hair is a mess
What has 4 legs in the morning, two at lunch, and three in the evening? A cannibal
What did one ball say to the other? ""This guy in the middle is a dick""
Don't forget to sacrifice your own personal goals to live up to someone else's expectations today!
If I looked down and saw Steve Buscemi between my legs, I'm pretty sure I'd think I was having a miscarriage.
COMMENCE ANNIHILATI... Sorry, wrong notes, that's tomorrow's speech. Here's the right one: You have nothing to fear from Project Omega ...
Q. What's the difference between 'weather' and 'climate'? A. You can 't 'weather' a tree but you can 'climate'!
Good Anatomy or Digestive System Joke? I need a good joke for my T shirt design for my Anatomy class. Anyone have any good jokes. thanks (school apprpriate please)
I'm really good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I just don't know Y I'll show myself the door.
Doctor Doctor I'm having trouble with my breathing. I'll give you something that will soon put a stop to that!
What did the redditor say when he opened his package from the UniBomber? Wow, I did not expect this post to blow up
Good chance of showers today. -- Bathroom Forecast.
something we all think is funny. Everybody thinks a pussy fart is funny, right?
What's got a pair of balls and 100 teeth? A: A crocodile Q: what's got a 100 balls and a pair of teeth? A: A singing choir of army veterans
So a dyslexic man walks into a bra... and says ""I'll order three beers.""
Did you hear the headline about midget psychic on the run from the Law? It read, ""Small Medium At Large.""
Why do they call it Black Friday? Because the prices are so good you are practically stealing.
White trash girl How do you get a white trash girl to suck your dick? Dip it in ranch dressing.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the drowning hippy? Because he was too far out... (dude).
What does suicide and marriage have in common? (This one needs work...) Permanent solution to temporary problem.
I was invited to an event that requires causal dress. Should I wear a time machine or a syllogism print?
Taught a parrot to repeatedly say ""WHERE ARE YOUR GLOVES?"" and now I don't have to talk to my kids until Spring so that's pretty cool.
My Iraqi friend skyped me today Something hilarious must've been happening because I kept hearing ""Hahahahallahu hahahkbar"" and then what sounded like party poppers. Abdul sure is a mad one.
My wife is actually mad at me for being so excited to see her mother tonight.... The viewing is at 7pm.
First date: *puts entire onion ring in mouth* If yo'lik et ven yo'shoulla puh a wring owh it.
What do you call a black man with no arms or legs? TRUSTWORTHY! 
I've just bought myself a hyena. Finally my jokes will be appreciated.
This year's Oscars are just like Zero Dark Thirty. We know how it's gonna end, but let's all pretend it's suspenseful.
What did the oyster say when the monster broke into his home? Shucks
ATTRACTIVE WOMAN: What time is it? ME: Haha. Yeah definitely
Q: What has two legs and bleeds? A: A chopped baby
A guy walks into a bar with a duck on his head... the bartender said, ""Can I help you?"" and the duck said, ""Yeah, get this guy off my ass.""
My mate Dave is living the dream. He's in a coma...
Do you know the thing about carpets? They demand to be felt.
I am really good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y. Credit: Chris Turner
Some women wear larger shirts to make their bodies feel smaller... I wear smaller condoms to make my penis feel larger
Why does Ariel wear seashells? Because she can't fit into D shells
With Fifty Shades of Grey that came out today, cinemas should serve ketchup... ...for all the fish fingers
Divorces should just be reverse weddings where you get pushed out of a church while your friends steal appliances from your home.
Why do melons have to get married in a church? Because they cantaloupe.
I'm not racist, but black people sure were nicer before the civil rights movement.
What smells better raw meat or a baby? Depends on how cooked the baby is.
I hosted a debate between ""Safe Space"" advocates and critics The safe space advocates didn't show up and called for my resignation.
Barista: Did you hear Netflix is raising its price $2 a month? Me: Ridiculous! I won't pay it! B: here's your coffee. $12.32 M: thank you
Take an icecube to the bar, smash it and say: ""Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?""
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The ""p"" is silent.
Danny DeVito... Danny DeVito is 70 years old, but he's had a short life.
I just read a story about a blind guy who's training to run in his eleventh marathon in case you were wondering what a lazy fuck you are.
[parent/teacher meeting] ""you must've read to him as a baby"" *leans forward in little desk* lady, I didn't even know him when I was a baby
I'm not a doctor but I know adding cheese to anything makes it an antidepressant.
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow? You stop milking a cow after 13 years.
I, for one... like Roman numerals.
You deplete me
College is the opposite of kidnapping. They demand $100,000 from you or they'll send your kid back.
Jokes on you! For clicking to see what was written here !!!!!!
The doctor told me I had Parkinson's.... I decided to just shake it off.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
5 female pigs + 5 male deer What do you get when you have 5 female pigs and 5 male deer? 10 sows and bucks (say it out loud)
How does the blind man know when to stop wiping his arse? I don't know, that's why I'm asking you.
I'm not a discriminatory person, and I'll say it again : It doesn't matter for me if you're gay, bi, trans, black or normal.
The only thing worse than a woman who's completely lifeless in bed.. .. Is getting caught with the body
Why was the lion a terrible cannibal? He couldn't swallow his pride.
A mobster killed an Irishman with a porcelain doll He was accused of knick-knack paddy whack
[during sex] him: Im so sorry. This literally never happens [takes out telescope to watch comet]
Q: Why is everyone tired of the king playing video poker on his porcelain throne? A: Cause they're sick of all his royal flushes.
REALITY SHOW IDEA: Put 10 tweeters in a house with only 1 phone charger and plenty of booze. BOOM.
Obviously you don't think you're ignorant! That's the meaning of ignorance!
A thug holds a gun to a dictionarys head and asks "" final words?"" the dictionary says ""zyzzyva.""
When my gang enters a brawl, we take small steps forward while snapping in unison. Jeff does a flip off a wall too. Its pretty intimidating.
I ran without my headphones today & was reminded that I feel better about my fitness when my soundtrack isn't my panicked gasping breathing.
What do you call a bunch of white guys on a bench? The NBA
How could batman possibly defeat superman? Put him on a horse I'm now going to hell with the rest of you...
A man calls his family doctor: man: Doctor for the last week my wife has thought that she was a  rabbit. doctor: Ok bring her in and I'll try to help. man: Fine but whatever you do don't cure her.
What do you call a starving artist from 17th Century England? baroque
Jimmy has 36 candy bars, and he eats 28. What does Jimmy have? Diabetes. Jimmy has diabetes.
Start your presentation with a joke My boss asked me to start the presentation with a joke. I attached payslip on the first slide...
What do hillbillies do on Halloween? Pump kin.
What do you call a stuck up slut? Cuntseeded
3 days before Christmas, my wife drops her 2007-era iPhone in a public toilet. I get the hint. She wants me to get her a much cheaper phone.
He took both kids grocery shopping by himself so I could ""relax"" so now I'm sitting here suspicious that he's done something to piss me off.
Why do Jihadists only drink instant coffee? Because they're cunts. EDIT: punchline.
I love when you're choking someone and they are all ""I can't breathe"", duh I'm choking you.
I keep my herbs in alphabetical order. People ask me how I find the time. Easy! It's right next to the sage.
What do you get when you elect Bernie Sander's son as president? A son Bern
If you trip over in public, a cool thing to do is break into a jog, leave the country, have plastic surgery and change your name.
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow blower? You hand the bitch a shovel.
I don't trust people who keep their jackets on after they've arrived. That's what I do when I'm going to escape.
Two high dudes meet... ""What's your name?"" ""Jack without a V."" ""There's no V in Jack."" ""That's what I just said.""
Doctors say that one piece of bacon takes 9 minutes off of your life. That has to be most delicious form of suicide I have ever heard.
Just printed out 50 copies of today's weather forecast to carry around with me today because I'm just not in the mood for small talk.
I can spell relief with one letter P!
What is Hitler's favourite animal? Adolphin
Back in the day, pens could only be used once before you threw them away The invention of the modern pen is truly remarkable
Michael Jackson has left behind has been so influential... ...but I think more than any other artist, his legacy has been influenced by his coloured past.
Why do bronies get so upset about the friendzone? I thought friendship was magic
My head feels like something Picasso would have drawn.
MISSING: 5 year old LAST SEEN: Moments after I said, ""Bath time."" DESCRIPTION: Naked, sporting 20-23 Spider-Man band-aids
What's the most popular board game in Canada Sorry.
God: [returning from year-long sabbatical] So, how's 2016 been? Did you cope OK? Intern who was left in charge: [looks awkward] Yep. Fine.
I have sexdaily I mean dyslexia fcuk
On a stakeout. Getting bored. Wish these perps would do something. Oh crap. Got my dong stuck in my cd player.
Why is a wizard so good in bed? Because he is never late, nor is he early. He reaches orgasm precisely when he means to.
What do you do if your girlfriend is choking ? Back up a few inches
Hey baby! What's up? Baby: My mother's uterus.
One milli-Helen: The amount of beauty required to launch a single ship.
Customer: ""I'm running Windows '95.""  Tech: ""Yes."" Customer: ""My computer isn't working now."" Tech: ""Yes you said that.""
There are rumors that Robert Pattinson from the ""Twilight"" movies may be the next Indiana Jones. If there is one thing I want with my rugged action heroes, it's a little bit of sparkle!
Why did sexual frustration impede the development of mathematics in Ancient Greece? Because mathematicians in Ancient Greece couldn't get no irrational fraction . . .
don't usually brag about helping people, but when I saw an old lady drop her groceries, I yelled: ""lift with a straight back!"" it felt good
Do you know what 80 year old vagina tastes like? Depends
Who is tall dark and a great dancer ? Dark Raver !
WalMart is closing down 269 stores in 2016 Due to this, 17 cashiers will lose their jobs.
My mother in law called me today and said? ""Come quick. I think I'm dying"" I said, ""Call me back when you're sure"".
I turned my phone on ""Airplane Mode"" and threw it into the air. Worst transformer ever.
Why didn't Zeke get that job at the KFC off the interstate? He thought they'd want to hear that back at the farm, he likes doin' chickens right also.
It's nice that my vacuum has a headlight just in case I want to clean in the dark or wake my dog up thinking he's getting hit by a train.
Two men walked into a bar You'd think at least one of them would've ducked.
Don't be afraid to speak your mind but know when to shut the fcuk up.
Sitting next to my wife today, I said ""I love you"", She replied ""Is that you or the beer talking?"" I answered ""It's me... Talking to the beer""
Why didn't the homophobe decorate his house for Halloween? Because his skeleton was in the closet
He pasta way? Here today, gone tomato. You cannoli do so much before thyme is up. Never sausage a tragedy. Olive my thoughts are with you.
When finding out he was into beastiality, what did Robocop say to Schrodinger's cat? Dead or alive, you're coming with me
Even if you were eaten, there will still be a two way out.
WANTED: Sanity LAST SEEN: In store, right before I told my 4 year old that he couldn't get a new toy REWARD: 4 year old
Just remember, you can't please everyone. So just focus on what's important, pleasing me.
How to catch a Polar Bear Cut a hole in the ice, fill it with dead fish, then hide. When the polar bear shows up, kick him in the ice hole.
Women can be so ungrateful. I just made breakfast in bed & instead of thanking me, she screams ""Who are you! How did you get in my house?""
What do you call a smug criminal going downstairs? A condescending con descending
Three French cats were sailing... There was a hole in the boat and un deux trois quatre cinq.
What do you fire from underwater guns? Seashells
What's the world's scariest plant? bamBOO!
Certainty Fewer things in life are certain than death, taxes and if you name your son Chester he will touch children
I'm no longer allowed in Six Flags, because I put the ""semen"" in amusement park.
How do snowmen travel around ? By iceicle !
Guys that work at animal shelters get all the bitches.
What can strike a blonde without her even knowing it? A thought.
What's the worst part about being gay? You cant think straight.
""Careful, there's poop on the dance floor."" - how ballet was invented.
How did the little Scottish dog feel when he saw a  monster ? Terrier-fied !
9 months later story
A dyslexic walks in to a bra
What's the difference between a penalty shot in basketball, and a tiny curly wig designed for a bug? One is a free throw, and the other is a flea 'fro.
Girl can I ask you a question *gets down on one knee* would you like to make $8,000 a week working from home
My girlfriend texted me ""helpmyspacebarbrokecanyoucomeoverandgivemeanalternative"" Anybody know what ""ternative"" means?
My favorite joke: How many Americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One. They stick the bulb in the socket and wait for the world to revolve around them!
How did the paramedics know Princess Diana had dandruff? They found her head and shoulders in the glove box
As a miner, it's hard being on Jokes. I never seem to strike gold on this Subreddit.
Me: If Obi-Wan's clothes remained after Vader killed him, then why wasn't ghost Obi-Wan naked? My date: [to waiter] Check, please.
Us guys like to be held too. Just, you know, lower. Lowwwwwerrrrrrrr.
Before tea-baggers, there were two-baggers. Two-bagger: a woman so ugly you wouldn't do her unless she had two bags over her head, in case one tore.
Why can't cats vote? Because they are non-voting felines!
Do you wanna see a magic trick? Watch me pull something out of my pants!
I can hear my cat's stomach growling in D#... I better get him a tuna.
How do you wake up Lady Gaga? Poke her face.
What kind of turns do letters take? U-turns! *From my 9 year old son yesterday. Fixed typo.
[caution: black joke] If a person's last name is Black, there's every chance he/she is not of African American origin. - Because slaves don't need surnames.
3 guys walked into a bar but one ducked
To all you hilarious guys telling Ronda Rousey jokes today: Seize your moment, gents! Talk about a woman *and* look like the winner by comparison!
Violets are green, roses are blue... Alright you bastards, who fucked with the hue?
Did you hear about the new Playboy magazine for married men? Every month it has the same centerfold.
[1st date] Her: I love quail Me: Omg me too! H: Love Cher M: Omg me too! H: Love men Me: Omg me too! H: Love Pepsi M: WTF is wrong with you?
What's the definition of a great farmer? He's outstanding in his field.
My computer keeps giving me an error message saying ""The Printer Can't Be Found."" Uh buddy it's RIGHT NEXT TO YOU, HELLO
What do you call a seagull by the bay? A bagel.
What's the abominable snowman's favourite food? Spag-yeti.
I remember the last thing my nan said to me before she died. ""What are you doing in here with that hammer?""
If my African American father had an Asian name It would be So Long
What do you MEAN there are no food trucks named ""Nom Chompsky""?!
What do you call an arrogant convict coming down the stairs? A condescending con, descending.
Buy one annoying person, get two free! - In-laws
A hooker is a lot like a Christmas gift... It's fun to unwrap, but you never know what you're gonna get.
I was browsing sex toys online today and was shocked to find out how much all of my wife's vibrators cost... She's sitting on a small fortune...
Learning how to break wooden boards in karate is important in case you ever get in a fight with a house.
There is a new Barbie doll on the market -  Hiroshima Barbie ...just a shadow of her former self
Last night my girlfriend kept shouting someone's name while we were having sex. I never met anyone named ""Rape"" though.
If you watch Intervention backwards, it's about a person partying hard after an awful family reunion.
If you clone a twin... Do you get triplets?
If you want to feel rich, just count the things you have that money can't buy.
Did you guys here the Twins signed Adrian Peterson? Word is they needed a switch hitter...
My girlfriend accused me of sleeping with her sister and I was like, ""How can that be possible when her snoring keeps me up all night?""
Why did the chicken cross the road? He was trying to draw the zoophile into traffic. Thanks /u/LFBR for the premise.
me: wtf how am i getting life in prison for running over an eagle with my car my lawyer: again, that was the Philadelphia Eagles mascot
Want to hear a joke about testicles? Today's your lucky day, because I've got two!
Breaking: Man stabbed and killed Morgan Freeman 's granddaughter
Hey chicks who wear a buttload of make-up. Don't borrow someone else's iPhone to make a call. You leave half of your face on the screen.
Some guy said I was being pithy.... turns out he had a lisp.
You've got a face even an Instagram filter couldn't fix.
""How Long can a Chinese name be?"" -- Yoda
how can you drop a raw egg onto concrete floor without cracking it? Anyway you want, a concrete floor is very hard to Crack!
I've started attending a self-help group for sex addicts... I haven't got an addiction. It's just a great way of meeting sluts.
What does Clint Eastwood say to God every morning? ""Go Ahead Make My Day""
What's another name for a Dentists? A filling station!
""The problem with quotes on the Internet is that they're not always accurate."" - Albert Einstein
Open the door ...... Ooen the door.... Open the door Odour
So Clark Kent is walking around with a giant cape bunched up under his dress shirt? I feel weird when I wear an undershirt.
Which religion faces the most Resistance? Hinduism... Om......
Where does a king keep his armies?? In his sleevies
No internet access in Cairo- Now the country is just called Gypt.
What did the hat say to the scarf? You hang around, and I'll go on ahead.
*comes into work with black eye* oh please I'm fine guys! But you shoulda seen the other guy. He was a cabinet door that i walked into
""Never go to bed angry"" is some solid advice if you want to stay up until 3am fighting
Truthfully officer, I wouldn't have pulled over, if I known all you were gonna do is complain about my driving..
Why'd the baker resort to prostitution? Because they knead the dough.
2 peanuts walk into an elevator One was Ray Rice and the other was assaulted
What is 1x times D xD
What's the cheapest type of meat? Deer balls, because they're under a buck.
Our son eats 3 bowls of generic fruity pebbles every morning then pukes on the bus.
I saw the youtube-comment-jokes and raise you the edition I found while listening to skrillex! https://dl.dropbox.com/u/87956689/reddit/youtube.PNG
I think that if I died and went straight to hell it would take me at least a week to realize I wasn't at work anymore.
What's invisible and smells like cough drops? Koala farts
I hate people that can't tell the difference between ""you're"" and ""your"" their so stupid
What do you call an egocentric strain of bacteria found in a Chipotle burrito? ME-coli
Two zombies, Greg and John, are sitting in the cemetery. Greg says: ""Didn`t Peter also want to come?"" John answers: ""Yes, but he is late.""
I would tell a joke about sex... but none of you will get it.
Do you like water? Yes? Well, then you already like 60% to 70% of me.
Why are 490 Romans funny? Because XD
Hell hath no fury like a woman whom you won't let see a picture of her you just took.
Answering your cell when you don't recognize the number is basically like picking up a hitchhiker. You're probs gonna die.
My dog acts like her entire family was murdered by a vacuum cleaner.
Me: Ok, who got Oreo filling on the couch? Husband: 4: 7: Me: Well... 7: It really could have been any of us. 4: (licks couch)
Why was Jesus such a bad carpenter? He couldn't remove three nails to save his life
When you add the same thing to both sides of an equation, it remains true. Therefore, since 'pro' is the opposite of 'con', then 'progress' is the opposite of 'Congress'.
What's the #1 cause of pedophilia? ...sexy kids NOTE: Don't let this note, my acct. name, and the fact that this is only my second post interrupt your comedic ~~enboyment~~ enjoyment
A goose walks into a cafe. He says, ""I want a burger, fries, and coke. Put it on my bill.""
I bought a pair of shoes from a drug dealer... I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
Why Did Hitler kill himself? He was told about his gas bill
What is Brown and Runny? ...Usain Bolt
Make sure to stand in the middle of group photos. It will be harder to crop you out later.
Why do androids go to Africa to party? Because Botswana have fun.
If you like internet jokes, you should see my online bank account.
I locked my keys in my car outside of an abortion clinic the other night. It turns out they get really pissed when you go in and ask them for a coat hanger.
I've met many Richards... However, some of them are Dicks.
Just got 30 minutes of cardio trying to pick up an ice cube from the kitchen floor.
Q: What do you get when you cross a loaf of bread with a buffalo? A: A buffaloaf.
Did you hear about the kidnapping down the street? His mother wouldn't wake him until 3.
People who say they don't know how to lie are lying.
Why don't boxers have sex before a fight? Because they don't like each other.
What's the most scandalous of the wonders of the ancient world? The Colossus of Scrotes.
What do you call a cat in love? Romeow
Deja Moo: The feeling that you've heard this bull before.
When math majors graduate, do they get degrees or radians?
Why did the werewolf become a proctologist? He only has to work on full moons
It's disturbing that when we see a man's mustache fall off we assume it's an identity theft situation and not a medical emergency
My mum told me to stop tickling my little brothers feet. Apparently I should wait until he is born.
Everyone thought the UK made the stupidest decision of 2016 Sure showed them
The only people who get more concussions than NFL players.. are their wives
I'm starting a self-serve fork business. It's called Go Fork Yourself.
Do you know why the Little Mermaid wore seashells? Because she was too small for D shells.
There's a button on this hotel phone that says, ""Pizza"". I may never leave.
What do 9 out of 10 people agree on? A gangbang
What do you call an Asian male with no penis? An Asian porn star
Me: theres a man outside fighting with water Wife: the neighbour? Me: yes Wife: is he in the pool? Me: yes Wife: again, its called swimming
There are 2 things that I absolutely hate: The first is racism And the second is sitting next to a black in the bus.
Two hipsters walked into a bar... The first went in before it was popular and the second was only being ironic.
There was a mathematician who couldn't afford lunch. He could binomial.
A fun way to give your man a little scare is to ask him, ""Do you know what tomorrow is?"" and watch the panic set in.
Thought of a '2 guys walk into a bar' joke A gay guy and Sam Adams walk into a bar. The gay guy drank some Sam Adams. But only Sam Adams had alcohol that night.
96% of my life is spent trying to figure out when I can get my next nap in.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense? IT'S BEEN DECADES, SOMEONE TELL ME FOR FUCK'S SAKE.
You're only as old as you feel, they say. So, 80. Today it's 80.
Dentist sign reads ""KGB Dentistry"" The sign continued, ""We are Putin in your filling.""
What ya call a lesbian with large fingers? Well hung!
I was let down in life by two people My mum, my dad and my maths teacher
If at first you don't succeed... ...then sky diving is not for you.
If you have an Oculus Rift... Then you're Luckey.
My daily horoscope says I just lost all of my decent followers by posting my daily horoscope on Twitter.
Tried to borrow some bread from my Indian neighbour, but he said he had naan....
This is your captain speaking, AND THIS IS YOUR CAPTAIN SHOUTING.
WHY DID THE PRISONER TYPE IN ALL UPPERCASE? THEY WERE SENTENCED TO CAPITAL PUNISHMENT.
Does a litter box count as a guest bathroom?
What water does Snake drink? Big Voss.
Why aren't dwarves allowed at nudist camps? They allways stick their nose in other people's business.
Roses are red grass is green open your legs and i'll give you some cream.
DOCTOR: [holding $5 bill] what's this for? ME: it's a tip DOCTOR: okay but you're still dying ME: [hands him another $5 bill]
What entrance do prostitutes use? Hodor
""Cu Later!"" - a guy who wants some Copper, but not right now.
How should you treat a baby goat? Like a kid.
I combined two hit games and made ""Angry Words With Friends"" where I just scream obsenities at people while throwing dead birds at them.
Rap is to music as Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
An Irishman walks past a bar... ..no, really. It can happen.
Did you all see the shots fired at the Democratic debate just now!!???? Hillary really took aim at Bernie over gun control.
What type of pants does Mario wear? Denim, denim, denim.
A book just fell on my head.. and I've only got myshelf to blame.
Living in Russia... Living in Russia in the winter, you're already snowden.
I slapped a girl in the face at the bar last night ... She told me her name!! Edit: I made up this while waiting for GoT. Please don't get mad. ^I'm ^^pathic ^^^and ^^^^awkward.
Failed my biology test today... They asked, ""What is commonly found in cells?"" Apparently ""black people"" wasn't the correct answer.
911 what's your emergency? I FARTED ON THE FIRST DATE. Ma'am we don't-- IT SOUNDED LIKE A BALLOON ANIMAL ASKING A QUESTION
Kanye West builds a time machine so he can interrupt himself interrupting Taylor Swift.
What do you get when you are the daughter of Rodney Dangerfield and Aretha Franklin? No R-E-S-P-E-C-T.
If Michael J. Fox was sick of his job as a valet He'd have ""valet Parkinson's"" disease
How many feminist does it take to change a light bulb? ....Trick Question. they cant change anything...
There's a hole in the nudist camp's wall The police are looking into it.
*suddenly awakes* honey! i just had a nightmare that i was naked at a job interview, licking BBQ sauce off the guy's face interviewer: ummm
My poop very recently stopped being imaginary. Shit just got real.
What do you call the poop that won't wipe away from your ass? You little piece of shit
My wife always cheats when we play board games Just last night, we were all playing Monopoly in the den and she was next-door fucking the neighbor.
The funniest thing about being sober is to realize you were so drunk last night you were tweeting all night with a calculator.
If you refuse to take a nap... Are you resisting a rest?
What happens when Bosnian terrorists start attacking municipal government buildings? It Herzegovina
If you're an American outside the bathroom what are you inside the bathroom? European.
Suicide If I'd ever want to commit suicide, I will jump off your ego to your elo.
Does your wife know you're single?
Father Christmas: All right my good lady my face is my ticket. Box office attendant: Then you'd better watch out... there's a feller inside who has the job of punching the tickets.
A cheesemaker is hard-strapped for cash... He decided to get a Provolone.
A guy doesn't go into a bar... Unaware, the bartender continues serving drinks to other people.
What do you call a snake who works for the governement ? A civil serpent !
Nice guys don't finish last, fat guys do.
What's the worst part of giving a magician a ride home? When you get there, you turn into the driveway. Ba-dum-bum! Don't forget to tip your waitress!
Never mind trying to scare me about going to hell religious people, it won't work. I was married for 6 years.
What do you call a group of retards in a sauna? Steamed vegetables.
*throws coin in fountain* stranger: can you not do that? Me: just want my wish to come true S: this is a drinking fountain m: wish came true
What do you call someone who does a BA in Arts, a MA in English and a PhD in Gender Studies? A well educated Barista
Microwaved Food is a lot like Schroedinger's Cat It could be really hot or stone cold.
If I could make puppies and kittens magically appear, people would call me ""The Wizard of Awwws"".
Why can't Ray Charles read? Because he's blind you racist!
What do you call a vegetable that always stays outside? An un-in.
What's the difference between a truckload of dead woodchucks and a truckload of bowling balls? You can't unload a truckload of bowling balls with a pitchfork!
*Ghost snatches phone from me* ""Who you gonna call now?""
Where did the kid with adhd go? Aushwitz
What did the mexican do when he lost his car in the parking lot? He pressed hispanic button
(Q)....... What do fat women &amp
I've seen enough episodes of ""Cops"" to know that you should avoid all people with blurry faces.
Carol from Facebook said she's ""taking it one day at a time" so I responded ""me too. That's how days work.""
What does Mario wear? Denim denim denim
Lil' Wayne looks pretty good for a scarecrow that is being eaten from the inside out by bats.
Before you decide to tell a woman she should go get herself ""dolled up" remember, Annabelle & Chucky are dolls.
Wow The Middle East Certainly knows how to Commemorate International Women's Day They let them get stoned.
What do you call an Ethiopian woman with a yeast infection? A quarter-pounder with cheese
How do you kill vegetarian vampires? With a steak to the heart.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Boiler ! Boiler who ? Boiler egg for four minutes !
Favorite Cheese What is a mathematicians favourite cheese? Dairylea Cheese Right Angles
Talking shoes What did the shoes say to the capri pants? ""What's up britches!"" What did the shoes say to the black underpants? ""Whassup my knickers?""
Windows: ""You may be the victim of software counterfeiting"" no Microsoft,it is you who is the victim of software counterfeiting here, not I
Why did they never make a pregnant Barbie? because Ken always came in another box.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur with vertigo? Falloffalottapuss
What do you get when you mix blood and piss? Bliss!
Knock Know? Whose There? Letm. Lemt Who? Let me in please
What is the difference between American teenage girls amd Muslim teenage girls? (Offensive) American teenage girls get stoned BEFORE they have sex.
Genetically modified fruit never ceases to amaze me. Check out this unnaturally large melon. Ah, it's not a melon. It's a grape.
Is a red headed Ninja called a Ginja?
Where does a Sith Lord do their shopping? The Maul.
If I could, I would avoid every conversation by making that beeping truck sound while slowly backing away from people as they approach me.
The boomerang is Australia's chief export (and then import)
The worlds best chat-up line: ""I like my women how I like my coffee... Either cheap and bitter or ground up and in the freezer.""
Why was no at the Premature Ejaculaters' support group when I arrived? I came early.
So excited to go and watch 'the Evil Dead' next week. Anyone else going to Thatcher's funeral? Bring 'em on! Post em all here.
Woman hit by train Whats a train doing in a kitchen? (Sexist but creative, not meant to offend anyone.)
How do you recognize a rich ethiopian? He only wears Rolex around his waist.
How long can an Owl live? 6 1/2 books...
Wanna hear a joke about my penis? Actually, never mind. I'll finish, you'll be thoroughly disappointed, and then I'll start crying.
A Poem Roses are grey. Violets are grey. Lol, I'm a dog.
How many nymphomaniacs does it take to screw in a light-bulb? As many as will fit.
The Shining is my favorite movie about what can happen when you spend too much time with family.
What makes a Mexican saddest about the rise of ebooks? The closing of the Borders.
Nostalgia Sure isn't what it used to be.
What is 2Chainz's favorite TV channel? TruTV
[phone w/ son while in bank thats being robbed] in case this goes bad, go to google on the iPad and delete ""can owls fly"" before mom sees it
This year's the year of the rooster, so I ate chicken. Next year's the year of the dog.
My girlfriend called me a pedophile yesterday. I said wow, that's a big word for a 9 year old
When a relative asks me what I'm doing with my life, I tell more lies than a guy at a computer whose wife just asked him what he's doing.
Most days I feel like three kids stacked up on each other's shoulders, covered by a huge coat, trying to pass as one of all these grown-ups.
my wife usually fills up our car with gas *she farts a lot*
My ass is a woman tonight It won't shut the fuck up.
Never Never Never tell someone you are patient. They will test you...
What did the tomato say to the mushroom? ""You're a fun guy""
What is the first thing that vampires learn at school? The alphabat.
Chuck Norris won an award today Kanye West sat politely in his seat.
Gluten free pizza is like a roller coaster that just goes straight.
Q: Why do Polish names end in ""ski"" ? A: Because they can't spell tobbagan.
Why couldn't the hipsters save the hippies? They were too far out.
What do you call a dead skunk? A stunk. My daughter made this up when she was about 7 years old. I thought it was incredible clever.
If the first piece of advice from any life coach isn't ""avoid bears"" you're being scammed.
This joke might take you awhile Pussy! ::snickering:: get it?
If she shovels shit at the local zoo, then she's a keeper
How do you interrupt a Redditor's winning streak? The Game
woops i wrote a joke with no punchline a joke with no punchline
How are men like fuses? Once they're blown, they're useless.
What is meant by 'a pull factor'? A big red sports car.
I heard there's a new Bread simulator game on Steam.. It's a great game if you're just loafing around.
Where do socialist birds lay their eggs? In a communest (pls ^dont ^^be ^^^repost)
I'm not only glad that toothpaste was invented I'm enamelled by it.
What do you call a? What do you call a convict walking down some stairs? Con-descending
My boyfriend asked for a dirty pic last night, I was able to get my whole kitchen in the shot. That should last him a while! He's so weird.
There's a book called ""Why Women have sex"" by Cindy Meston. The author also wrote""Why Men have sex"" but I'm guessing thats just a pamphlet.
Holy crap what a wank... I really took a beating back there.
Don't be silly! A kid's name doesn't affect the type of person they become. Now come and hold my sweet baby Lucifer Charles Manson Hitler.
My barber just got arrested for selling drugs. I've been his customer for 6 years. I had no idea he was a barber.
Revenge is never as satisfying as you'd hope And the cops always come sooner then you expect
My attention span is shorter than donuts are better with sprinkles.
What's the difference between a catholic priest and acne? Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he hits puberty.
I finally opened the condom in my wallet and it had a beard.
Did you hear about the suicidal dolphin? He lost the porpoise to live.
Whats the difference between 3 big cocks and a joke? Your mom can't take a joke.
What's the difference between 0/1 and 0/2 ? Nothing.
My description of today's front page... BEARY FUNNY!!!! http://i.imgur.com/en5msOs.png
What do you call a horny cow? Beef jerky :)
What did Hitler invest his money in hand sanitizer? It kills 99.9% of Germs.
Which came first? Chicken or the Egg? Neither. I CAME first!
WANTED: Someone to have my babies and carry on my family name. No strings attached. You can even keep the kids.
Dear algebra, Stop telling us to find your x, she's never coming back. Don't ask y. Sincerely, PB1541
Told my kid he better not steal another candy bar cuz ""we don't have time to get arrested"" if you're looking for a parenting role model.
What do gay horses eat?? Haaaayyyy!!
Me: it's robocop Wife: it's not robocop it's dangerous *a roomba with a gun taped to it is shooting at our cat*
Who ever stole my copy of Microsoft Office is in trouble. You have my Word.
We all know how women can fake orgasms, but do you know how a man does? He moans, shakes, and spits on your back.
What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman? One's a Fe-Male, and the other's a woman in a power suit.
Damn girl, are you from Tennessee? Cause your the only ten I see
What animal has a dick on its back? A police horse.
Getting married is very much like going to a restaurant with friends. You order what you want, and when you see what the other fellow has, you wish you had ordered that.
I treat women well cause I'm a real man. Also, if I'm nice to them maybe they'll come over and kill this spider for me
What degree did the butt get? A Master of Fine Farts
What did 50 cent say to his grandma after she crocheted him a sweater? G! You knit!
Billy asked our Astronomy teacher a simple question today... ""Mrs. North? How big is Uranus?"" Billy was sent to the office...
On soy milk cartons, the missing kids are always named ""Skylar"" and were last seen getting into a Prius
What concert can you get in with just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback.
Chinese woman pray before releasing fishes in Paris river la Seine when https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8G77aVXoxTk
First Michael Jackson, and now Neil Armstrong.... The world is running out of moonwalkers
[at restaurant] ""check, please!"" [waiter leans over] sir, again, there are no monsters under the table ""ok....goodnight"" wait what
There's never been a single day in my life when I thought to myself "" thank god the cops are here""
Old meaning of sorry. ""I won't do it again."" New meaning of sorry. ""Damn I got caught, next time I need to be more careful.""
Him: Favorite workout? Me: Pilates. Him: Why? Me: Because we lay down for an hour.
Bought a bag of Sweetheart candies & cracked my tooth on one.When I spit it out & looked at it,itsaid ""Next time call when you say you will""
""We were trapped in the elevator and had to make a terrible decision"" Which was? ""We ate Bill"" OMG. How long were you in there? ""4 minutes""
I'd like rap a lot better if they sang, played instruments, had talent, and didn't rap.
What do you call a wino eating grapes? Impatient.
It's so hot outside! I've been out here 10 minutes and I'm already wetter then Kim Kardashian at the BET Awards.
Eating McDonald's because you're hungry is exactly like sucking dick because you're lonely That meat is no good for you and I do it about once a month
Why do tourists always take pictures in Paris? Because the tower is an Eiffel.
How did the mermaid get into a car crash? ...because she was fish tailing!
Did you hear about the special offer at the Mexican carpet store? UNDERLAY UNDERLAY UNDERLAY!!!!!!!!
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was assaulted
Mating call of a blonde... ""Hee hee, I think I'm a little drunk!""
(Late Joke) Islamic State: People who are currently in Cuba, You are all in Fidel's. . Sorry.
Where do shadowbanned Redditors go? To the PAO Camp.
If you're seen one shopping centre... You've seen a mall.
Did you know the earth is over 70 percent water? Now what if all that water voted
My drug dealer got me shoes for Christmas I dont know what they were laced with, but I've been tripping ever since
in canada if you pat your pockets to show a hobo that you have no change and he hears your keys jingle, you have to give him your house.
Wife: Rock the baby. Me: *plugs in amp*
I went camping with swingers It was fucking intense
What does batman take in his beverages? just...ice.
Where do the Chinese study? In the Pupils republic of China
""I'm paying a woman to fist my mouth"" is the way I choose to describe going to the dentist tomorrow.
Police: Everything you say can and will be held against you Criminal: Boobs
What's the russian royalty's favorite type of fish? Czar-dines!
I'm no blood spatter expert, but by the look of this bathroom floor, you're pulling your tampons out way too fast.
What do you call a White Crocodile? A Crocasian
Why is it that whenever you complement someone on their mustache... suddenly she's not your friend anymore?
The Three Hole Punch either sounds like an awesome karate move or an awful bedroom experience.
A terrible plane crash occurred in Lithuania last week. A two-seater airplane crash landed in a cemetery and exploded. They've recovered 300 bodies so far, and they're still digging them up.
Recent studies have shown that 63% of women have used vibrators. The other 37% have brand new ones.
What do you call 250 dead politicians? A good start.
What does a child with stickers have in common with a cocaine addicted DJ? They both love to scratch and sniff. ^(sorry if it's a repost I'm not here often)
If you jump off a bridge in Paris... They'll declare you in Seine
I put a picture of my friend with MS on my computer. It quit running
Washington DC's IQ is the same as the Federal Reserves interest rate Theyre both negative.
What's the difference between a bag of coke and a baby? Eric Clapton would never let a bag of coke fall out of the window.
What did the teacher do with the student's cheese report? She grated it.
I'm currently working on a management oriented book focused on the delegation of tasks ""I'll have my secretary let you know when my intern finishes writing it."" - Mr. Manager Cordially, Mrs. Team Lead
Where do baby ghosts go during the day? Dayscare centers
As I get older, I'm really just looking for Girls Gone Mild.
Did you hear the horror story about the teens having sex on a camping trip? It was fucking in tents!
My nephew: ""Sometimes it gets puffy and I can't pee"" Me: ""Yeah, unfortunately when you get older it gets puffy and you can't think""
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend? Cause sheeran
I just peed in my bath. But don't worry, I won't drink the water. - 4 year old logic
Somebody stole my mood ring and I'm not quite sure how I feel about that..
I once told a girl to text me when she gets home She must have been homeless
Want to hear a pizza joke? Never mind it's too cheesy.
What does a Dalek do in the shower? EXFOLIATE!
Unfortunate sign in discount warehouse near a retirement community: Shop till you drop!
My wife just accused me of being big-headed and thinking I was better than I was. I nearly fell off my throne.
Why did Mr. T reject Marxism? Because Marx said ""You have nothing to lose but your chains."" *^(Manifest der Kommunistischen Partei - 1848)*
I like my women like I like my toasters... Two warm holes and never leaves the kitchen.
What is a Yankee ? What is a Yankee? Well, its like a Quicky but your by yourself.
Hillary Clinton is in the hospital... She is being treated for third degree Berns.
BOSS: It's come to my attention that you've disabled attachments for emails. You have to fix that. BUDDHA: But attachments cause suffering.
My spirit animal is this 9 yo, so calm and polite during girl sleepover drama, who just told me ""literally, nothing is interesting to me"".
A dick has the saddest life He is put in a dark room, banged againts the walls until it throws up and is unconcious
Why did the football team sack the hairy goalkeeper? Because he rarely shaved the balls.
The best birth control Put a rock in your shoe, it'll make ya limp
According to Cunningham's Law, the best way to get the right answer on the Internet is not to ask a question, it's to post the right answer and wait for idiots to tell you you're wrong.
What do blacks and bicycles have in common? Take off the chain and both stop working. Going straight to hell :)
Crime on multi-story car parks, it's wrong on so many levels.
I like my women like I like my coffee not older than 12 years
What do the Green Bay Packers and Monica Lewinsky have in common? Clinton Dix, haha.
I asked my friend if he wanted brown rice... He said, ""No, I hate brown rice
After 5 vodka and Red Bulls, you start wearing your Lindsay Lohan costume.
Avril Lavigne and Chad Kroeger's engagement proves that not only is love blind, it's also deaf.
What is a trans fat? A feminist.
Gays and ISIS ... are fucking assholes.
Why was Jack scared? Because Jack was bean stalked
Mrs Smith the biology teacher was very fond of fish. She was also rather deaf which was great for the children in her class. ""What Mrs Smith needs"" said one of her colleagues ""is a herring-aid.""
What does a jock douchebag and a strict catholic have in common? They're both obsessed with their mass every day.
What did one saggy boob say to the other? Perk up or people will think you're nuts!
When I was a kid my younger cousin always cheated at freeze tag, So I wasn't surprised when I heard he got shot by the cops
PERSONAL TRAINER: How's your nutrition? ME: *dipping my burrito into custard* Not going to lie. It's been worse.
Home is where the Wi-Fi is.
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney? You're too young to smoke. Sorry, it's the first joke I ever learned, and I haven't ever seen it posted.
Why will Church's chicken be losing money? Because I don't see black people going to church's anytime soon
What is ""attempted theft"" exactly? I mean it's not like you see school librarians seeing a student use Wikipedia on one of the computers and puts them in detention for ""attempted plagiarism""
What's Vladimir's favorite song? Putin on the Ritz
Stop making fun of fat people with lisps!!! ...they're probably thick and tired of it.
Which teachers care the most about their students? Math teachers, because every student counts.
My surgeon said NO drinking for 24 hours, then we both laughed.
Did you hear about the man who got cooled to absolute zero? he's 0k now.
What is Dracula's favorite fruit?  Neck-tarines.
""Can you turn down the radio? I have a phone call that's going to last the entire car ride."" - The worst people alive
Which dog can tell time? A watchdog.
Moss and Algae take a liking to each other. Algae and a Moss took a liking to each other and soon after got married. After a few years they realized their marriage was on the rocks.
Why do Eyeballs Make Great Comedians? Because they are filled with vitreous humor!
Ad a German i often hear some say we have a bad humor .... last time someone actually told me, he got burned with the other jews telling me. Edit: Damn it phone it is as and not ad ._.
What is brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
Because of my thyroid condition, my parents made me join a support group as a kid. This one time, at gland camp...
Why did EA cross the road? The punchline for this joke is 0.99$
I like to shoot at stop signs, especially those little ones on the side of school buses.
What do you get if you cross a dog with a kangaroo? A dog that has somewhere to put its own lead !
What do you get if you cross a telephone with  a hunting dog? A golden receiver!
What's the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping tom? One snatches watches...
What is brown and sounds like a bell? Dung.
I once got diarrhea on a road trip but I went on, undeterred.
Why are gametes best suited to advertising careers? Because sex cells.
There is a blind guy called Miles, what is the name of his guide dog? Roger Daltrey.
What do spinach and anal sex have in common? If you were forced to have it as a kid, you are NOT going to like it as an adult.
*touches a turtel* *dies* *touches a plant* *dies* wow mario are u allergic to evreything or wat
I bet that in prison everyone's FB relationship status is set to ""it's complicated"".
Whats green and has wheels? Grass, I lied about the wheels.
Queen Elizabeth is planning to visit the set of ""Game of Thrones"" next week. She said things are hard to keep track of because everyone keeps dying. And then Prince Charles said, ""Not everyone.""
When I was a kid I was so afraid of being kidnapped until my mom assured me there was no way in Hell anyone would ever want to take me.
People ranked their favorite meats...but the survey was flawed and inconsequential. The steaks weren't very high
I'm offended every time I talk to a stranger and I'm not offered candy.
What's the difference between a baby and a sandwich? I don't fuck my sandwiches before I eat them.
What's the definition of a will? Come on, guys. The answer's a dead giveaway.
Liars tend not make eye contact, which is why I don't trust pirates half the time.
the cool part about hitting your 30s is just about anything u do for fun eventually leads to a headache, diarrhea, anxiety, or just sweating
People are so unreliable Waited in all day for someone to come and fix my broken doorbell, but they never turned up.
Guns don't kill people. Wars and famine and disease and random accidents kill people. Also, sometimes guns. Have a good day!
[boss's office] BOSS: Do you like my fire place? ME: Actually, it's one word: ""fireplace"" BOSS: You're fired ME: Oh, I get it now
A hole has appeared in the ladies' changing rooms at the downtown sports club. Police are looking into it.
What's the difference between a calendar and me? The calendar has dates.
How did the octopus lovers walk down the road? Arm in arm in arm in arm in arm in arm in arm in arm in arm.
Neighbour: Haven't I seen you on TV?  Actor: Well I do appear on and off you know. How do you like me?  Neighbour: Off.
Who designed Noah's ark? An ark-itect !
Mr. Rogers misled kids by making them believe that running into people you know is good.
The difference between a brown noser and an ass kisser is depth perception.
What's the difference between a toilet and a graveyard? Nothing. When you have to go, you have to go.
They were having a sale at the hospital for vasectomies... It was a package deal.
You guys wanna see something cool? http://www.fda.gov/ucm/groups/fdagov-public/documents/image/ucm197598.bmp
I am sad I can no longer get Arnold Palmer's at restaurants anymore But it looks like I can get an Arnold Embalmer now.
I bet you haven't heard this one before 53154
I unsubscribed from the official earthbending subreddit. Getting tired of all these Internet Toph Guys.
Wanna hear a short joke ? Wanna hear another one ?
Q: Why did the hearing aid saleman give it up for a life of piracy? A: Because he only made a good buccaneer.
A friend confided in me about a peculiar birthmark on his butt. I told his secret to my friends for a laugh. I am Julian AssStrange.
What's a mass in your body that is really helpful? A cyst!
I lent a friend of mine $10,000 for plastic surgery Now I don't know what he looks like.
Shutdown Apocalypse Update: Hearing now that the government closed the Grand Canyon. Not sure if they roll a tarp over it or how that works.
Why did the man with acute bronchitis go on holiday? Because he had a wee cough
The doctor recommended cutting back on alcohol for a better quality of life. Then he saw my wife who had come to pick me up! He said, ""You can consume all the drinks you want, it's healthy.""
Attention Netflix and Chill has been replaced The new thing is Cookies and Dick...that is all
*walks up to bouncer* ""sorry pal, this is a private country club"" *peeks inside* [everybody's fist pumping hard as heck to kenny chesney]
What the difference between jews and harry potter Harry got out of the chamber alive
John buys binoculars and shows it to Bob. ""Bob, this is the coolest thing ever. Last night I saw you doing you wife"" You can return it, it's broken. Last night I was out of town
What do you call a woman with six kids? Lucy
My wife spent two weeks deciding what color to paint the bathroom. I got a cat on my 9th birthday and named it Cat.
At the school for the hearing impaired... ...no one can hear you scream!
My wife left me for a fisherman. Poor guy's still reeling.
What's the difference between Jews and Boyscouts? Boyscouts come back from camp.
Two black men and two white men walk into a police station The two white men walk out. Source: new girl
Who is the biggest slut in the whole wide world? Mrs. pacman. For 25 cents that bitch would swallow balls til she died.
My new nickname at work should be ""Laxative"" cause I make sh*t happen.
What do you call a Mexican at the bottom of the ocean? Pollution. What do you call every Mexican at the bottom of the ocean? Solution.
Never date a baker They're too kneady
How do you organize a party in outer space? You planet.
How can you tell that Caitlyn Jenner was once a man? Because she's better at being a woman than most women are.
A Magician was driving down the street. Then he turn into a driveway.
A very busty woman whispers to me ""I want you to tell me if these look real"" my eyes widen, then she takes out pictures of the moon landing
I wish my grass was more emo. Then it would cut itself.
Why were all the computers in the company frozen? Because they let IT go
A priest, a rabbi and a vicar walk into a bar. The barman says, ""Is this some kind of joke?""
How many cats? One.
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
What do you call the first black guy elected to the White House? Precedent.
Last night I dreampt I was playing Kobe Bryant 1-on-1. I had him all lined up to block his shot ...and then he feinted.
So i worked at the USPS...I'm apparently not the ""man"" for the..... the sub its named for.
A man streaked passed two old women in the park... the first one had a stroke
what's the difference between mean and morbid? mean: five children in one dustbin morbid: one child in five dustbins
My friend asked me what I thought about internet message boards. I said, I'm all forum.
why do you never see hippos hiding in trees? cause they're really fuckin' good at it
Where animal does Russian milk come from? moscows
Why can't your nose be twelve inches long? Because then it'd be a foot
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing
What is a Lumber-Jack from Massachusetts' favorite drink? A Boston Logger.
Gay marriage will encourage people to be gay, in the same way that hanging around tall people will make you tall.
There was a fire at the Yankee Candle store. 8 killed. 19 injured. 1200 soothed.
1985: call me on the new line in my room 2000: call me on my mobile flip phone 2015: don't call me
The court was very accommodating handing Jared a fifteen year sentence. He'll even be able to take his girlfriend out for her 21st birthday.
[Spanish w/ translation] Cual es es la risa mas picante? Ahi Ahi Ahi Translation: What is the spiciest laugh? Pepper pepper pepper
Did you hear about the statistician that drowned? Apparently he tried crossing a river with an average depth of 4 feet.
Me: "" *types in password*, Password Doesn't Work"" ** OMG I'M HACKED**.... *oh wait... never mind, CAPS LOCK WAS ON..*
Revenge is a dish whose photos I haven't yet seen on Instagram.
Wanna hear my life story? tl
Did you hear the bus drivers story? Me neither i was on the back of the bus...
What kind of flooring does a Mexican fit? Underlay! Underlay!
Why did the tea-bag fall down the hill? To steep.
*waters flowers* *flowers die* *sprays weeds with poison* *weeds mutate, quadruple in size, grow 3 heads, and start speaking in tongues*
If Google can't find the answer, it's not a question.
What did the redneck say when she lost her virginity? GET OFF ME DAD, you're crushing my cigarettes!
I thought my vasectomy would keep my wife from getting pregnant but apparently it just changes the color of the baby.
I'm the guy who asks for extra ketchup, notices he didn't get the extra ketchup, and says nothing further.
What's big, green, fuzzy, has four legs, and if it fell from a tree it would kill you? A pool table.
What has gas, liquid and solids on it at the same time? Uranus.
There's someone out there for everyone. Don't worry if you're alone, your true love is just having sex with someone else right now.
How do you get an iraqi woman pregnant? Cum on her feet and let the flies do the rest.
I wondered why the ball was getting bigger, then it hit me... Tesicular cancer
Unknown person parked their car in my driveway, now it's my car. That's how that works, right?
[a spider watching soccer when someone kicks a ball into the net] hell yeah, now eat it
I want to meet the actors who get turned down to act in infomercials. Then I would ask them how their brother Alec Baldwin is doing.
Why do Japanese Sumo wrestlers shave their legs? So you can tell them apart from feminists.
What did the sea say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
A black guy, mexican, and jew walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says ""Get the fuck out.""
What's up in the sky, oh so high? A baby falling out of an airplane.
My sleeping pills say don't mix with alcohol, but drop it in the glass and it dissolves just fine. Doctors think they know everything.
""Wanna Hear A Joke?"" Women's rights
girl if we were pokemon you would be a pichu and i would be a raichu because im a convicted child molestor
Afghani drinking game for Cricket World Cup car bombs
What do you call a good looking Lebanese man? Azif
Don't cry because it's over, smile because for a few miles they believed you were the real bus driver.
Whos jared fogles favorite outlaw... ...Billy the kid
Have you heard about the new female doctor who can cure illness with all natural, homeopathic remedies? Look her up! She just goes by the name, ""Miss Information"" Edit: source - South Park
I once met a girl with 12 nipples. Sounds weird.... ...Dozen tit?
If you ever get cold, just stand in a corner for a bit They're usually around 90 degrees
What's the best part of dating 28 year olds? There's 20 of them!
What did the Japanese chef say when his mother died? Well, that's the edamame.
I would make a sexist joke But that would be wrong, and being wrong is for women.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two but it's hard to get them in!
Note for Santa Dear Santa, Please give me a big fat bank account and a slim body. Please don't mix those two up like you did last year. Thanks.
I liked Nicki Minaj a lot better when she was Michael Jackson.
Where does Ned Flanders pick up women? On OkilyDokilyCupid
I bet Dell Curry is not mad... he's just disappointed. Happy Fathers Day!
I just found out that a gay friend of mine is OCD He was the last person I expected to get upset about something not being straight.
What did the one llama say to the other before they went on vacation? ALPACA BAG
Boss: Why is there an olive in your water? Me: What water? Oh yeah this, this is definitely water.
""And this is Flegh, Fnnnr, Grmm, Jsssh and Jhee-Jo."" (What My Brain Hears When Introduced to a Group of People)
16 sodium atoms walk into a bar. They were followed by batman.
My professor just said that the particle of light is like a bullet... The black objects absorb more.
Why don't neo-nazis use the forward button on their browsers? Because they Alt-Right instead.
I think this is the weekend to finally tell my parents I'm straight.
Why do traffic lights turn red? You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street!
[Ouija board] Me: Demon? I-W-I-L-L-E-A-T-Y-O-U-R-E-S-O-U-L Me: *your Y-O-U-K-N-O-W W-H-A-T-I-D-O-N-T-W-A-N-T-Y-O-U-R-S-O-U-L-A-N-Y-M-O-R-E
So a mushroom walks into a bar.. And the bartender says ""we don't serve your kind here"". The mushroom responds ""Why not? I'm a fungi!""
In bed I'm like Beethoven It's all over in three movements.
Who's the idiot who named the song 'The Sound of Silence' and not
What did the redneck say to his sister? Oooh yeah, baby!
I was at a barbecue party when a cow from a nearby farm charged me and chased me into a corner It was at that moment I realized my life was at steak
I just got a Facebook invite to my brother's non-alcoholic Mormon wedding. I dunno which part of that sentence makes me want to cry more.
An old Scottish joke. What's the difference between Bing Crosby and Walt Disney? Bing sings and Walt Disney.
My mom just took away my mood ring. I don't know how I feel about it.
What's black on the outside, green on the inside and can go through walls? Ghost avocado.
what did the faggot faggot the faggot? because faggot hahahaha
Have you heard that president Assad has been making cheese? He's been getting the Kurds out of the whey  (credit to Sambo85 - Sikipedia)
Whats Brown and... Whats brown and rhymes with Snoop?   p  p
I have a friend named Scott who still forwards chain emails. As soon as I figure out what to do w/ the body I'll be Scott-free.
Whats the difference between a prostitute with diarrhea and an epileptic corn-husker? The epileptic corn-husker shucks between fits.
What is sharper, your butt-hole or your teeth? Butt-hole, because it can cut your shit.
What's the hardest part of the vegetable to eat? The wheelchair
Catholic Priests are taking one for the team... They're touching children, for Christ's sake...
Q: What does K-mart stand for? A: Kuz Mexicans Are Rich Too
The USA condemns unprovoked invasion of a sovereign nation.
Business was great last year. I made 6 figures. $2,784.93
My optometrist likes to make eye puns they keep getting cornea and cornea
Keep calm and stop making different versions of that ""keep calm"" poster.
Start a slow-clap in a quiet, crowded room. The first person that joins you, marry them. They're your soulmate.
So a baby seal walks into a club ...
What do Monica Lewinsky and Bill Clinton have in common? They blew a seal.
Your secrets are safe with me, I wasn't even listening to you.
I heard that comedians never tell jokes about the Jonestown massacre. The punchline is too long.
Did you hear about the lady whose house was infested with Easter eggs? She had to call an eggs-terminator!
99 problems and pizza solves every single 1
What did the hot dog vendor say at the World Trade Center? ""Who ordered the two jumbos?!""
If you see someone crying, ask them if it is because of their haircut.
What do you give a canine seeking meaningless validation on the internet? Pupvotes
Bored, so I'm going to find a kid that looks like me and tell her I'm her from the future.
7: I didn't do my homework Me: why not? 7: they told us to write about the new president Me: so? 7: you told me not to cuss
Do vegetarian cops... ....go on stakeouts?
Ever hear of that cat turned vegan because of its vegan owner? Probably not, she died.
If you're going to get in trouble for hitting someone, might aswell hit them hard.
Nothing worse than talking to a person with a large amount of spit in their mouth that talks really fast. HOLY SHIT...My glasses r ruined
""Crocodile after awhile."" - Yoda
To all you ladder manufacturers, I got something to tell you. Step it up!
We call our new maid Non Sequitur, ...because she's Latin and she doesn't follow.
Women! Can't live with 'em, can't sell 'em or Liam Neeson will find you and kill you.
At home: I want to go out, I want friends. When I go out: I want to go home, I hate people.
What is the difference between a creep and a kid? I wouldn't let a creep sit on my lap.
Ariana Grande would be the first kid on the factory tour taken away by the Oompa Loompas.
I finally figured out why Donald Trump married Melania... ...she came from ***YUUUUUUUUUUUUG***oslavia. ~~(thank you, thank you, I'll be here all week)~~
Q: What is the best thing that ever came out  of Arkansas? A: Highway 55.
Whenever I'm in doubt, I ask myself ""What would Jesus do?"" then I remember Jesus got crucified, his decision making skills weren't brilliant
I accidentally gave my wife superglue instead of Chapstick She's still not talking to me.
Secret agents asking citizens to please speak more clearly in all phone calls. Also, cut the chitchat and get to the good stuff, they ask.
How many ADHD sufferers does it take to... To get to the other si-- Knock knock.
My doctor told me I have the vitals of someone half my age. I have no idea how he found out, but now I'll have to kill him too.
Ugh, stalkers are horrible. You'd think SOMEONE could've let me know I was out of toilet paper.
What did the boys do ToGetHer? Roam And Tick things..
What's the opposite of Stephen Hawking? Stephen Talking.
Why are elephants gray? So you don't get them confused with blueberries.
I don't know if my ceiling is the  best ceiling, but it's definitely up there.
I have Electile Dysfunction Electile Dysfunction : the inability to become aroused over any of the choices for President put forth by either party in the 2016 election year.
Waiter: how do you want your burger? Me: *points to girl at another table not taking a picture of her dinner* that rare
Money can't buy happiness... Poverty can't buy *Anything*
What did the fish say to the concrete wall? Dam!
Virgins in Paradise? Suck my balls, Al Qaeda
Straight out of Gotham... This building, in the city I live in (in Tianjin, China) looks like it was taken straight out of Gotham City. http://imgur.com/j0RM7h3
A woman lost her wedding ring in Paris last night. I'm not talking about the one who deserved it.
What happened when the dog went to the flea circus ? He stole the show !
""Mayo"" is also an abbreviation for ""mayonnaise!"" Copyright 2010 Everyone on the Internet
So I heard my gf fart for the first time...she denied it But I had already decided earlier, I'd never argue with my imaginary gf.
""MY HERO!"" ""My hero."" --Guy who got his sandwich stolen, then saved by a stranger
What do you give to a man who has everything? Penicillin
Why wouldn't the pimp water his lawn? He couldn't trust his hose.
The average speed of ejaculation is 28 mph. Which, unfortunately, makes it illegal to ejaculate in a school zone when children are present.
I created a new joke and a new word today Plagiarism
""Not Waldo, Not Waldo, Not Waldo, Not Waldo, Not Waldo, Not Waldo, Not Waldo, Not Waldo, Waldo, Not Waldo""--Where's Waldo Audiobook
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Lamborghini? The pricks are on the outside of a porcupine
My background check bounced.
I agree that 6-pack abs are sexy - that's why I have 12 of them!
Since lesbians eat so much pussy Should they be considered sexually snacktive?
What's a pirate's favorite sexual partner? Can't legally consent because they're retarrrrrrrrded.
Having a tan is attractive. Having skin sponsored by Doritos isn't.
Son: Can you teach me about fractions? Me: Sure. I love 2/3 of my children.
Pizza is like sex If you're going to use barbecue sauce, you need to know what you're doing.
Let's count to 10.000
Roses are red, violets are blue. Sugar is sweet, and so are you. But the roses are wilting, the violets are dead. The sugar bowls empty and so is your head.
There are only 10 sorts of people in the world  those who understand binary and those who don't.
Why are life long overweight people funny? Growing up they hear the best jokes.
What has 8 legs and 7 arms? Def Leppard
3yr old: [whispering] I have a secret ""What it is, sweetie?"" 3: [shouting] I POOPED! ""Do you know what a secret is?"" 3: [whispering] no.
Why can't there be a Santa Pig? Pigs don't fit in chimneys.
What do you get when a fat guy and a butterface have sex? A Burka! He covers his body, and she covers her face!
Did you hear about the discount rabbi for circumcisions? He'll take up to 10% off.
911 - wats ur emergency? - i got stuck in some magnets 911 - who are u? - Iron man
I thought I saw Jesus in a cookie. But I was wrong. It was just a guy who looked like him.
Me: Bless me father for I have sinned... Priest texting me back: I already told you, I'm not absolving u of your sins unless you come in.
Donald Trump is not the sharpest tool in the shed but... ..he is the biggest.
Ab Muscles: You're having ANOTHER cookie? Brain: Yep! Ab Muscles: You're just never planning on seeing us again? Brain: Nope!
How did the T-Rex feel after his workout session? He felt dinosore.
Cutest joke ever What does a red grape tell a purple grape? Breathe, you idiot! Breathe!!
I adopted a highway. Don't tell anyone I said this, but I don't love him as much as I love my biological highways.
What is another word for Pokemon? A Rastafarian Proctologist
What does Batman do on Father's Day? He oh...
Why did the plane crash? Because the pilot was a loaf of bread! Now he's toast
They didn't leave much room for new models when they called it the 'ULTRA-Sound'. ""Mr Sutherland, I'll book you in for a Sonic-Boom""
What do Hillbillies do for Halloween? Pump kin
So a blind man walks into a bar... and a chair.... and a table....
What's the difference between the jokes I read today, and the jokes I read last week? The posters
You can literally take anything from anyone as long as you shout ""police emergency"" and run away
What does Snoop Dogg have an umbrella for? Fo' Drizzle
What do you call it when a black person has diarrhea? Nigeria
How does a blonde call for her dog? She puts two fingers in her mouth and then shouts ""Max!"".
If you're pulled over, wait for the cop to lean down to your window, then use their vulnerability to give them a quick peck on the cheek
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator
Little brother told me this joke, genius. ""Why did Beethoven kill his pet chicken?"" -why ""Because it kept saying ""bok bok bok""
A snake walks into a bar and the bartender says ""How did you do that?""
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 was black...
Was out a drive with my dyslexic mate... I notice there's something not right. ""Can you smell petrol?"" I say ""Smell petrol?! I can't even smell my name""
joke - ghost What did the ghost wearing sox say? Shhoooooooooooooeeeeeesss!! Shoooooooooooooooooose !
Why do flamingos sleep with one leg up? Because if they slept with two legs up they'd fall over
Apparently, ""My Dick"" is the wrong answer to ""What do you look for in a girl?""
What do the twin towers and genders have in common? There used to be two and now its too offensive to talk about.
I don't believe you can become a successful bodybuilder without the use of supplements. There's just no whey.
R.I.P. 2013 (2013-2013)
A communist tells his friend before going to bed, ""I'm going to take a nap."" He wakes up as a libertarian.
What happened when Hitler got bratwurst juice in his eye? He could Nazi! LMFAO
I grew up in Bolivia but I left because the currency is bullshit.
All my life I thought air was free... until I bought a bag of Chips!!!
Did you hear about the Wall Street investment  banker who won $10 million in the lottery? He's so happy that he's giving some serious thought to paying back his student loan.
Why was it easier for the whistleblower to leave American soil earlier in the year? It didn't Snowden.
A mahogany boob... Would be pretty useless, wooden tit?
A recruit examines the food served to him  in the batallion dining room. - Do I have any choice here he asks a sergeant. - Yes you do. You may eat it or not.
Polls show some interesting things Statistics show that 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape
What do you call Mike Tyson on drugs? Methed up
If God is always watching... ...then one day, while masturbating, I'm gonna look that motherfucker straight in the eye and finish like a boss.
Carlsberg don't do Alzheimer's ... ... but they do make exceedingly good cakes.
Did you hear that Bjork covered a Lady Gaga song? It's called ""Bjorn This Way"".
I'm getting the band back together.... We're called New Direction.
Hey! I got a new job working in quality control at a knickers factory! I'll be pulling down about 800 a week.
Do you know why eggs are the only thing to laugh at 9/11? Because it's an inside yolk
When i apply to the job... Interviewer: So why do you want this job? Me: Well, I've always been really passionate about not starving to death.
For all the effort I put into faking it, I should really just start writing down the confirmation number at the end of a phone call.
*gingerly maneuvers the garbage can back into place between a stack of crown molding we'll never use and your antique pesticide collection*
What did the dick say to the condom Go away, you make sex less pleasurable and have a higher than acceptable risk of breaking.
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina? Only one retarded thing came out of her vagina.
What did the Ents yell as they attacked Isengard? Ambush.
This hating of people that breastfeed in public should really stop... I can raise my cat any way I want to.
I use to know a classic rim shot joke, but...umm tiss
Doctor says my kid has some form of hereditary ADHD He explained it to me, but I didn't really listen.
Three old guys are out walking... Three old guys are out walking. First one says, 'Windy, isn't it?' Second one says, 'No, it's Thursday!' Third one says, 'So am I. Let's go get a beer..'
When I die, I want to go peacefully, in my sleep, like my grandfather Not screaming, like the people in his car
Why do Avon ladies walk funny? ..because their lipstick
Why did the artist put on a show of horse paintings? He wanted to mount an exhibit!
What did the fisherman say to the magician? Pick a cod, any cod!
A man reported that his chickens had been stolen off his property Police suspect fowl play.
Have you read that new book on antigravity? It's hard to put down!
I love Nilla Wafers because who has time to say ""Vanilla"" in today's busy world?
A guaranteed way to make a hormone... Don't pay her...
What do you call a serial killer that rides a bike? A Cyclepath
Christianity is the ultimate daddy issue.
Once, in 1998, I read a website's terms and conditions page. True story.
Being asked to be best man is like being asked to make love to the queen. On the one hand it is a great honour, but you dread the moment when you have to rise to perform.
Whats a hoes idea? A Thot.
Did you guys hear about the Italian chef who had food poisoning? He pasta way.
""We hug and kiss, but people just don't lick each other."" -yet another lie I just told my toddler
Some days I think my mental health is coming along nicely, other days I'm vaguely jealous of turtles.
Test boast, please ignore. Mitochondria are better than yourtochondria.
What do you call a lesbian with fat fingers? Well hung.
Why should you avoid sexual encounters with The Fonz? Because he has Ayyyds.
Shot my first turkey today. Scared everyone in the frozen meat department.
Why do 9 out of 10 bear moms prefer minivans over sedans? All the extra cubholders.
I'm starting a firing squad business Our motto is ""we aim to please"".
They say that nothing can be erased from the Internet... Except for Hillary's emails.
I'm giving up negativity for lent. We'll see how long that lasts. Edit: aware it should be pessimism. This is a serious quote from a friend who didn't realise what she'd said.
What do you call a Chinese Millionaire? Cha Ching
Cute things to call your girlfriend/boyfriend 1. Sugar 2. Honey 3. Flour 4. Egg 5. 1/2 lb butter 6. Stir 7. Pour into pan 8. Preheat to 350
I tried to make a robot that ate watches... but it was too time-consuming.
The French military suffered a major loss today... Their largest white flag factory burned to the ground.
How do you change the number of sides on a Pentagon? Intersect it with a plane.
Always face somebody and make eye contact while talking... Especially when they attempt small talk at the urinal.
A(n atrocious) Knock-Knock Joke Knock knock! Who's there? Cop car goes ""wee!"" Cop car goes ""Wee!"" who...
What kind of concert only costs 45 cents? 50 cent featuring Nickelback
where does honey come from? beez nuts
How many communists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? In Soviet Russia, lightbulb screws YOU!
Riverdance was invented by an Irish family with 7kids but only one toilet.
The worst part about being molested as a kid is People think that you look cute, but in reality it is just afterglow
Million dollar idea: Invest $995,000 in a bank CD.
What do you call 1 white guy with 500 black guys The warden
I bet Taylor Swift still believes in Santa Claus.
My son asked me what it was like to be married I deleted all the music off his iPod except one song.
Got this super hard game on my phone called Bank Of America. You only get a power up every 2 weeks? Need cheat codes
Life like potato... Only have one, then soldier come and take.
It's ridiculous that the pope has to go around surrounded by armed guards these days. I know he's a priest but he's not going to do anything out in public.
What did the maxi pad say to the fart? ""You are the wind beneath my wings.""
I heard they are making Frozen 2.. ..I think they just need to let it go. My mom's funnies are rare and usually unintentional.
Engineers' view about a glass of water! To the optimist, the glass is half-full. To the pessimist, the glass is half-empty. To the engineer, the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.
""THE WORLD REVOLVES AROUND ME"" - KANYE ""THE WORLD REVOLVES AROUND WEED"" - WIZ ""THE WORLD DOESN'T REVOLVE AT ALL"" -B.O.B.
Two pretzels were walking down the street... ...One was a salted.
What do you call two beer drinkers arguing about sea turtles? Lager-heads at loggerheads about Loggerheads.
Two cannibals are eating a clown One turns to the other and says ""Does this taste funny to you?"" I decided to post this classic especially with the clown epidemic going on
My father always told me ""The way to a woman's heart is... ""...through her left breast.""
I dont think I can be gay I just dont have it in me.
A wife is like a hand grenade. Remove the ring, and your house is gone.
Michael Jackson is the epitome of the American Dream Only in America could a poor, black boy become a rich, white woman
Have you seen Jesus's abs?!! He must be doing that Cross-Fit workout!
I used to have a job crushing cans. It was soda pressing.
The location of a pimple on your body is directly correlated to how much your body hates you.
Can the ninja throw his ninja stars? Shurikan
I have 6 mental illnesses Schizophrenia, OCD, ADHD, dislexia, anxiety, and hypochondria.
What did the turtle do when he ran out of gas? He went to the Shell station.
What Moby Dick's fathers name? Papa Boner
How come people who think they know everything never seem to know when to shut up?
What do you call a pair of identical twins who are stewardesses? Hostess Twinkies
I once saw a headstone that read ""here lies a politician and an honest man."" I wonder how they fit two people in one casket.
What was the aardvark's favorite Lady Gaga song? Just Ants. Credit: My friend, the PUNisher.
My grandfather had alzheimers...
If I ever ran a tobacco company... ... I'd name my cigarettes ""heretics"". So anyone could burn his own heretic every single day.
There once was a man named Dave... who found a dead whore in a cave. She was ugly as shit, and missing one tit, but think of the money he'd save.
People who marry for money over love usually end up cheating for love over money!
I was going to write a novel but I may just print out all my tweets and dedicate it to my parents not loving me enough.
What do you call a gay farmer? A Jolly Rancher
Nice try, Clooney ""wedding."" I know a casino heist when I see one.
My daughter did a cart wheel and slammed her head right into the coffee table. That's all the DNA test I need.
My cousin's shoe store burned down yesterday There were so many lost soles.
Keep scrolling... I got nothing!!
A parliament of owls, a murder of crows, a thatsso of ravens
Where do the Mexican truckers hang out? The guay station.
Why did the brother octopi look so alike? They were itentacle twins.
What's green with little red wheels? Grass. I was lying about the little red wheels. Missing my grandpa today. This was always his favorite.
You don't know humility until your Ouija board gets snippy with you.
toothbrush origin I suspect that the toothbrush was invented in the south,if it had been invented in the north, it would have been called a teethbrush
There are only 10 types of people in this world Those who understand binary, and those who don't.
Never marry a woman who was captain of the debate team.
Who's winning Went to visit my Granddad. He was watching a basketball game. ""What's the score Gramps?"" ""92 to 86."" ""Who's winning?"" I asked. ""92""
Two Spanish historians believe that they've discovered the Holy Grail. Indiana Jones found it back in 1989, but they lost track of it.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate? The ""P"" is silent
Welcome to Alzheimer's Club. I see a lot of new faces today.
Everyone can find one person or three cats waiting for him.
Whats Hitler's favorite type of joke A roast
Forced to use Axe Shampoo & Conditioner this morning and now my hair is high fiving people and calling them Braaaah.
A man and a doctor are talking... The doctor says ""I have bad news. You have cancer, and you have Alzheimer's."" The man replies, ""Thank God I don't have cancer.""
Been yelling just awful things at people, trying to improve my chef skills.
How do Japanese politicians say they got their positions? With erections.
What did Einstein eat as a baby? Formula!
Did you hear about the girl who gave out handjobs to electricians, plumbers, mechanic, you name it? She was a right Jack off all trades.
What do you call a manager that hasn't grown up yet? A kidager
[me after 1 minute of jogging] this is good, this was a good decision [me after 3 minutes of jogging] life is suffering, there is no god
So glad the new phone book arrived, because I hate texting the wrong number from the rotary phone in my Ford Model T.
Michelle Obama had an awesome speech tonight... I wonder how long we'll have to wait for Malinia Trump to steal it. The part about her black daughters will be awkward.
Today is full of possibilities and I have a strong feeling none of them are mine.
Three Nazis walk into a BAR They all get shot.
I don't always kill spiders, sometimes I stare at them a short while to see if we can reach an understanding
british people say ""maths"" instead of math because they are big nerds who cannot be satisfied by a single math
How do you get the drummer off your front porch? Pay for the pizza.
What's the difference between Hitler and Keemstar? Hitler knew when to kill himself.
How often do lesbian gypsies get their hands read? Every 28 days or so.
Q: What's the strongest bird? A: A crane.
What's a Republican Congressman's favorite movie? Kill Bill
Dishes are like boyfriends. My roommate should really stop doing mine
Earth, Venus, Mars, and Jupiter were going to setup a party But they failed because nobody knew how to planet
what is the SEXIEST kind of tree??????? A COUNTRY!!!!
So I was wondering whether any of my friends could possibly teach me quidditch... ...and then I thought, ""wait a minute, I know one. Oliver would"".
her: I have this weird fantasy where my man shaves me while I sleep me: k her: *wakes up with no eyebrows
People of the world There are three types of people in the world: those who can count and those who can't.
Him- I saw you over here sipping your wine. Me- You clearly have me mistaken for another very attractive woman, because I don't sip wine.
A foot fetish porn called ""I think we got off on the wrong foot""
I was dating an English teacher, but she dumped me.... She didn't approve of my improper use of the colon.
My online boyfriend loves me so much that once I put my money in his PayPal account he is coming to visit me.
Nobody in 1972 would have guessed that in 2014, Bill Cosby and Charles Manson would both be in the news, but Manson more favorably.
I got an e-mail saying 'At Google Earth we can read maps backwards!' I thought 'thats just a spam'
My lesbian neighbors got me a Rolex for my birthday I don't think they understood when I said "" I wanna watch""
I asked my girlfriend if she'd like a day of eating ice cream and hanging with her girl friends. She said ""Yes!"". I said ""Good, because I'm breaking up with you.""
""Dammit. I had shit planned today."" -- a spider being carried out of the house with a cup and piece of paper
A shirt so loud, you have to wear ear plugs when you put it on.
""Axe"" is not going to help you get girls, unless you spray it in their eyes then quickly chloroform them.
My neighbor asked me to keep an eye on his house while he's out of town. I've already texted him ""Your house isn't on fire"" 42 times.
You know how you can tell if an Irishman has had too much to drink He walks into a bar
If you watch Jaws backwards... Its about a shark that throws up so many people, they have to open a beach
What if you woke up with amnesia and all you could remember was your Facebook password and you had to discover who you  were based on your statuses?
A friend of mine from Europe told me this beer joke What's the difference between American beer and sex in a canoe? Nothing. They're both fucking close to water.
How to celebrate 4/20 Guide your newborn son into becoming an evil dictator and slaughter most of the Jewish population.
sir this ouija board is broken, it keeps spellin stuff like 'wah hoo!' and 'lets a-go!' ""hmm it looks like youve bought a luigi board, pal""
Due to its location South Africa doesn't experience full tide or low tide... it has apartheid.
I AM IRON MAN! the real one....
What's the best part about dating a homeless chick ? You can drop her off anywhere
A feminist asked for my name I said I'm Hugh Mungus
No, I am not insulting you. I am just describing you.
I went by the house I grew up in and went to the door and asked if I could take a look around. They said ""no"" and slammed the door in my face Parents can be real jerks
Of course I touch myself when I think about you It's called a face palm
""We met in church."" Lies we tell kids.
I've spotted six Pokemon today but I don't have the Pokemon GO app so it may just be that I need my new meds adjusted.
[loudly in front of a bunch of ducks] ""OH NO I SEEM TO HAVE BROUGHT TOO MUCH BREAD WITH ME WHATEVER SHALL I DO?"" *ducks try to play it cool*
What did the nihilist say to the physicist? Nevermind, it doesn't really matter.
8yo Me: *sneaks candy* 14yo Me: *sneaks cigarettes* 18yo Me: *sneaks alcohol* 43yo Me: *sneaks candy* Being an adult is stupid.
A plane crashes and everyone dies.
Did you hear about the guy that got shot in the back of the head in a movie theater? He was sitting in front of pee wee herman.
Hey girl with 20,000 tweets and 14 followers, I'm guessing you should probably shut the fuck up.
No one has done the dishes for like a week so I finally did the responsible thing and bought some paper plates.
What frequency do police radios operate on? 100 niggahurts
I was going to commit seppuku the other day. But I didn't have the guts to go through with it.
""Hey, Cyclops."" ""Hey, Cyclops, are you still dating Jean?"" ""No, Storm, we broke up. You could say she's my..."" *lowers sunglasses* *eye beams obliterate Storm*
Did you hear about that guy that broke his left arm and left leg? I heard he's all right now.
9 out of 10 wives agree their husbands are always wrong and the other one just doesn't wanna talk about it right now.
When the wife and kids go on vacation, I always keep the neighbors on edge by placing rectangular mounds of dirt throughout the yard.
My wife was fixing the caulk around our tub... Me: You should use some caulk softener to make that easier. Wife: Is that like a picture of your mom or something? (actual conversation)
I'm very good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know why.
I always get teary when I become intimate with a girl, Any idea how to deal with pepper spray?
What do you call an avid gardener? Herb
Why was 6 afraid of 7? I have a flesh-eating disease, and it's slowly killing me.
Cinnabon got it right with the whole selling cinnamon rolls all day thing.
Why was the man allergic to Christmas? Because it's the reason for the sneason.
I wish my wife worked at Subway Maybe then she would make me a sandwich.
Slept like a log last night... Woke up in the fireplace. 
I accidentally sent a dick pic to everyone in my address book it cost me a fortune in postage stamps
Gravity Maxim Trow yourself from the building and catch from the boardwalk!
A table walks into a bar and says... Drinks are on me!
A customer asked me to check their balance. ...so I pushed them over and they fell.
I've mathematically figured out how many upvotes it takes to get to the front page. Answer inside. [score hidden]
Latest reserch shows, that women with extra weight... Live longer, than the men, that mention it.
I was in a band.. called ""Missing Cat"". You might have seen our posters.
A hungry college student saw a poster reading ""Humanitarians of the World meeting tonight. Free food" and decided to attend Upon arrival, he was promptly killed, skewered, roasted, and eaten.
I wish all tests were things you peed on
[Dinner with GFs parents] *Does shadow puppet of a bird* ""Thats great but I asked what you do for a living?"" Um *smooths tie* I'm unemployed
Never make fun of fat girls with lisps... They're thick and tired of it.
There are two types of people in this world Those who can make an assumption based on a previous statement
What we've learned from this skittles incident is that we should all stop eating refugees.
I asked my German professor... ...""can you tell me how many credit hours of German this school offers?"" She replied, ""nine."" ""Well, thanks anyways" I said.
Thank god we don't send messages with pigeons anymore. Where would I find 200 pigeons every day?
How do you get 4 gay guys to sit on 1 bar stool? Flip it upside down.
911 what is your emergency? Me: ""My 6 year old hasn't stopped talking since he got home"" 911: ""stay calm ma.. Me: MY EARS ARE BLEEDING
What do you get if you cross a Green Lantern, a car and an atheist? Willing suspension of disbelief.
How many South Dakotans does it take to go ice fishing? Four. One to cut the hole in the ice and three to push the boat through.
Why did the doctor go the furniture store? Because he needed a stool sample.
I heard they finally updated the Encyclopedia of Chronology It's about time.
If I meet you for a date and you don't look anything like your pic, you're buying drinks for me until you do.
""I missed you today."" ""Awwww I missed you too."" *both frantically reload dueling pistols*
Jokes on you hot chick at the bar who gave me a radio station's phone number I just won Harlem Globetrotter tickets and a Bud Light poncho.
Knock Knock Who's there? Doorbell salesman!
If honey bees make honey, what type of bees make milk? Boo bees...... My dad just told me this one
A game I bought my Pokemon-Go playing friend caused her to have a brief panic attack. In hindsight, the latest Counter-Strike probably wasn't a good idea...
Why do gay men float? Flambuoyancy
You think Japanese teenagers are shocked the first time they see a real live naked woman & it's not all pixelated looking down there?
Q.Why did the blonde get thrown out of the M & M factory? A. She kept throwing out all the W's.
Sexist double Standard: ""If a girl fucks a ton of guys, she gets called a slut..."" But if a guy does that same, he gets called a homo.
I was offering free mammograms in the company parking lot long before my employer was doing it.
I don't mean to brag, but I'm the world champion in false modesty. ^^^^^Yes, ^^^^^I ^^^^^know ^^^^^I ^^^^^already ^^^^^posted ^^^^^this, ^^^^^but ^^^^^the ^^^^^title ^^^^^got ^^^^^""AutoCorrected""
Why don't Jewish men go down on their wife? Because it's too close to the gas chamber
I saw this heartwarming video of baby bears climbing out of a dumpster and thought, ""Who would throw away a perfectly good baby bear?""
What do you get when you eat too much shitty pizza? Pizzeria
The genius and the pool player A genius walks into a bar and says, ""I have 200 IQ!"" The pool player replies, ""I have an eye cue too!"" and pokes the genius in the eye.
What do you call an elderly vampire? Grampire.
What's the difference between yogurt and America? Yogurt could develop a culture after 200 years
What did the boy with no arms and no legs get for Christmas? Cancer
Where do llamas go on vacation? Alpacapuco
Omg! Leonardo DeCaprio! Wanna hear a joke about the Oscars? Never mind, you probably won't get it anyways...
I was really moved by The Great Gatsby. Specifically, to the theater showing Iron Man 3.
How to be cool: A) use cool sunglasses emoji in everything B)
God doesn't play dice well, that's what he tells Mrs God.
My best friend is so white she pays for her kid's school lunches.
What do a Harvard lawyer and a Yale lawyer have in common? They both got accepted to Yale.
My cat refuses to approach strangers. He's such a pussy.
What do you give a sick bird? A tweetment
What do Jedi sheep sound like? Dagobah.
So I heard that the hackers ""Anonymous"" are waging war on ISIS and al-Qaeda... Quite ironic that 72 virgins will be attacking the terrorists!
What goes ooooooo? A cow with no lips. 
Hangovers: Where the spirits you drink the night before haunt you the next day.
Dang girl are you the American health care system because if I don't give you all my money you'd have no problem watching me die.
Momma always told me that women are like chocolates... The ones with the cherries are better.
What did the french butter say when it got stocked in the cooler? Beurre... I came up with this today while grocery shopping. I'm ridiculously pleased with myself.
My son is suspended? Yes, in-school suspension. So he goes to school? Yes, but he's suspended. Suspended IN THE SCHOOL? Yes. Idiot.
they say penguins mate for life, but that's bullshit cause my penguin left me first chance she had
Q: Why do elephants have big flat feet? A: To stamp out flaming ducks.
""i never metadata i didn't like"" -NSA
I haven't talked to my wife for 18 months I don't like to interrupt her.
What's a policeman's favorite gaming console? Wii-U, Wii-U, Wii-U!
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
[frantically pressing buttons on spaceship control panel] WHICH ONE IS FOR POPCORN
ATTENTION : All position for stupid people in my life ,have been filled ,no more applicants need apply. Thank You !
What do you call a whirlpool in a church? Holy water!
Hey, guy from the gym with lifting gloves still on, you can take them off now, you're in Starbucks.
How many grammar mistakes does it take to piss off your English teacher? not alot. (Just thought of it, tell me what you think :) )
I sleep better naked...why can't the flight attendant understand this?
Why do I always sit in the back of an airplane? Cos iv never heard of an airplane reverse into a mountain... ill help myself out...
I heard about this one place with red signs that thanked drivers for slowing down... ...but when I drove by, everything was blue.
Wait, you didn't let me finish. What I was trying to say is Hitler was largely misunderstood by people who don't speak German.
I'm moving to Ottawa and opening a gym. I'm gonna call it Capital Gainz.
I was forced to put my grades up for adoption I just couldn't raise them
Have you ever been to an Istanbul nightclub? I hear they're poppin' and a good place to get wasted!
It's about time I talked to the boy about the birds and the bees. If memory serves, it's the stork that delivers and the swallow receives?
Two men came to the door asking if I'd found Jesus. I said ""Hell no. I don't want to have to spend my weekends bothering people at home.""
What do you call a group of elephants? A pack o'derms
If you don't like my opinion of you  improve yourself!
All the toilets in the city have been stolen. The police have nothing to go on.
My Dad just had a stairlift installed in the house. Its driving him up the wall.
I have a wig, I have an orange, ugh Donald Trump
My sister would make a great politician... ...she avoids directly answering questions and always leads the blame to someone else, whether she has proof or not.
All we do is support you, all you ever do is complain about us! -if bras could talk
So Hillary Clinton logs into her e-mail [deleted]
What do you get when you cross a joke and a rhetorical question? ...
A black guy walks into the bar with a parrot on his shoulder The bartender then says ""Well that's special, where did you get it?"" ""Africa"" says the parrot
Know what her cervix and a plate glass patio door have in common They both make her eyes light up when you run into them.
My wife ran away with my best friend... My wife ran away with my best friend. I don't know the guy, but he made me a huge favor so I consider him my best friend.
The most perfect method to say the perfect punch-line. /pnt.lan/ assuming of course you know how to read ""phonetic transcription"".
Why is wheat a hillbilly grain? X/post from r/funny Because its inbread
Let's stop listing pagers on that list of electronic devices that should be turned off.
Damn girl are you playboy magazine? Cause holy fuck you have a pile of issues
Girl, do you want some good sex? Me- Girl, do you want some good sex? Her- No! Me- Then you came to the right guy
If you don't think monkeys are adorable, then you can suck macaque.
What do you call a crazy guy in a room full of mosquitoes? A bit neurotic.
[rose from the movie titanic a couple years later sitting on crowded bus] excuse me, can you slide over so I ca- ""NO, there's no room""
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogy in it!
I'm so poor I'm taking a vacation on Google Street View this year.
What did a disappointed Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he fished up a Salmon? ""IT'S NOT A TUNA!!!""
So I was walking down the street the other day, and saw this black guy... carrying a tv. At first I thought, ""Hey, that looks like mine!"" But then I remembered mine is at home shining my shoes.
Judge: Order in the court [from the back] Me: Can I get a large pepperoni pizza with... [puts hand over speaker and looks around] what?
Where do onions wrestle? Onion rings.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground Beef!
Remember when OJ Simpson was found innocent and all of us white people hit the street looting and damaging property?! Oh, that's right, we didn't...
Muffins are just cupcakes that will never get laid.
There are 0000 0010 people in the world..... Those who get it, and those who dont
I have trained a cup full of meal-worms to give me sexual pleasure... ...I'm a master baiter
Where do Tumblr users go to pray? The Cis-Teen Chapel
Whats the difference between Peanut butter and Jam? You can't Peanut Butter a dick up your ass.
What are the most common 3 words used all around the world? Made in China.
If I haven't said something mildly offensive today I'm sorry and I promise to try harder
What's the worst part about dumping a Japanese girl? You gotta drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.
The American flag Red with blood Blue with tears White with privilege
Google changed to Alphabet Mostly alpha, not making it to bet-
I've been reading a book about anti-gravity. Man, I just can't put this thing down.
How do you deal with ignorant people? I really don't know.
People who say they don't have any problems are lying to you, but at least give them credit for not telling you about  them.
Coffee is the silent victim in our house... It gets mugged every day.
My husband gets so mad when I introduce him as my first husband.
I'll tell you what I know about midgets... Very little
My wife is the most beautiful, intelligent person standing right behind me reading my Twitter feed.
*takes a picture of food for Instagram* Food: delete it
She just didn't get that i was into fish. Geez
Why was 6 afraid of 11? Because 11 snaps people's necks with her mind.
What is Yoda's last name? Layhehoo
Why did Thor file a police report? Because someone stole his thunder
If a man holds the car door open for a women, then you know that one of the two is new.
She asked me for time and distance. I guess she wants to calculate velocity.
My european friend Opee is opening up a restaurant where he claims to have the 'worlds best pizza'. His restaurant is in the middle of no where, but don't worry Opee Delivers
I told my friend she'd drawn her eyebrows on too high... she looked surprised.
Why was the Trail of Tears so hard on the Native Americans? It's not easy to hike a trail when you're always falling down drunk.
If you drop your pants for a ""surprise checkup"" and hear your doctor's belt buckle hit the floor, you should probably head for the hills
Sat opposite an Indian lady on the train today , she shut her eyes and stopped breathing. I thought she was dead , until I  saw the red spot on her forehead and realised she was just on standby.
A mexican magician says to the audience he will dissapear on the count if 3 Uno...dos...*poof* He disappeared without a tres
10 reasons why doctors use defibrillators... Number 4 will shock you!
Why can't atheists solve exponential equations? They don't believe in higher powers.
What do you call a bird who wants to have a different personality? An alter eagle!
In Chinese culture the great wall represents true longevity. It's the only thing from China that lasts more than a few weeks.
I plan on getting ""sidewalk nap"" drunk tonight.
How to bring pacman to life Scratch your head and think of the Wakas. Soon you'll see pacman while brushing your teeth.
I put on a pretty expensive perfume and went into an Apple Store Everyone enjoyed
Hear about the blonde terrorist who tried to blow up a bus Burned her lips on the exhaust pipe
A skeleton walks into a bar and says... ""Give me a beer and a mop.""
Few things stress me out as much as a waiter who doesn't write the order down.
What's the difference between a Redditor and an egg? Eggs get laid only once
Whatever you do, always give 100%. Unless you are donating blood.
Two ghosts walk into a bar... They don't say ow.
NSFW What is the noisiest thing in the world? Two skeletons fucking on a tin roof.
What did the dog bring to party? Wooffies!
Turtles think frogs are homeless.
Why was 56 scared? Because 28 8 1.
If cats could talk, they would talk a lot of shit, I bet.
With everything going on at reddit you would think that Pao would at least regreddit :)
A girl asked me if I was into anal sex... I said I've never tried it, but I figure it'd be fucking shit.
How did Gertie Gorilla make the 'Playboy'  Calendar? She was 'Miss Ape-ril!'
Why do some race drivers hate wet tracks? Because the water is a distraction.
When an American says, ""You do the math" you should also offer to assist him in his grammar.
Damn I hate this time of year I just get so damn Claustrophobic
Did you hear about the blind man walking past the fishmonger's? ""Hello ladies""
Top 10 inappropriate songs to sing at a children's karaoke party
It's like my pet hippo doesn't even realise it's my pet. DOCTOR: Please be quiet while I stitch up your face.
Man drowned in Muesli Got pulled in by a strong currant
Can't afford a cat? Duct tape 3 squirrels together, next question
What do amputees and cricket have in common? Stumps
I was astonished to learn that the meat in Subway was slaughtered in a traditional Muslim way. I mean how the fuck do they fit a rucksack on a cow?
A man using Apple Maps walks into a bar... Or a hospital.... Or possibly a church.
Why do molluscs only think of themselves? Because they're shellfish
Spice up Christmas shopping by entering random fitting rooms, waiting 5 minutes, then yelling, ""Hey! There's no toilet paper in here!""
Did you hear they came out with a drink called the Osama Bin Laden? It's two shots and a splash of water.
A hamburger walks into a bar... The bartender says, ""Sorry, we don't serve food here.""
I'm coming out with a new type of whiskey called cunt... So when someone asks me what i want to drink I'll yell cunt liquor.
What do you do when a Chihuahua sneezes? Get a small hankie!
People are like books. You can't judge them by appearance alone and it's not cool to burn a big pile of them.
If George Raft's wife gave birth to twin Gorillas would they be the Apes of Raft?
Did you hear about the Georgia  accountant who absconded with all the accounts payable?
N F L THE NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE IS CONSIDERING EXPANDING NEXT YEAR BY ADDING A PRISON TEAM
What do you call a TV award an Italian mobster cheated to win? Rigatoni
I haven't gained weight. I'm just retaining cookies.
Just bought a sweet British accent off of Daniel Craig's List.
If you are following Facebook on Twitter, you have reached a new level of retarded.
What does a feminist doorbell say? Stop-oppressing-me
It's called ""personal grooming"" as though we might get confused and groom a total stranger.
My mom laughed at me when I said I was going to build a car out of spaghetti. You should have seen her face as I drove pasta.
What kind of concert costs 45cents? 50cent feat. Nickelback
BREAKING: Scientists send teen girl back in time to report on WWII. ""Hitler's haircut is literally the worst" she writes. ""Also he's mean.""
Why was Jared Fogle upset? Because he was sentenced to over 15 years in prison.
My dad was cutting up Onions and I started crying. Onions was a great dog.
When you're in the shower, and you hear loud thumps and you think ""THEY'RE KILLING MY FAMILY, AND I'LL HAVE TO FIGHT THE ATTACKER NAKED""
I've just bought a film on DVD about a prisoner that finally gets parole. I've waited years for it to be released.
4yo doctor visit: Doc: no more than 30 mins for 4yo on the iPad. I'd rather he play with mud. Me: .. Wife:.. Me: where do u download mud?
My girlfriend complained that there should be more women in technology So I put her in my new smart fridge
I couldn't figure out why the baseball was getting bigger... then it hit me!
How does an Old lady vagina feel? ever fed a pony?
My grandson asked me what it's like to be married so I told him to leave me alone. When he did, I asked him why he was ignoring me
Best thing about being a hermit? No peer pressure.
How many ADD/ADHD kids does it take to change a light bulb? Wanna go ride bikes?
A movie theater near me closed down they didn't meet projections
It's crazy how quick women are to cut each other's throats over a guy! I mean I'd understand if it were shoes....but a guy???
What'd be worse? Zombie apocalypse or Facebook shutting down and 500 million retards all of sudden using twitter?
My vocabulary is so poor... I can not express it in words.
What's dumber than a box of rocks? The hippie carrying it. What's dumber than that? The yuppie buying it. What's dumber than that? The box of rocks
Welcome to my garden of actors And on your left, we have the Benedict Cucumber Patch
Has 2 wings but doesn't fly, Has 2 eyes but doesn't see, has 2 legs doesn't walk, what is it ? A Dead bird
Why can't I be rubied or diamonded. NOOO. I had to be jaded.
I like my coffee like I like my women... ...in two enormous cups.
I tried to change my password to Twilight. But there was an error saying it contained too many useless characters.
Don't you just love whiteboards? They're remarkable.
Why did the sand dune blush? Because the sea weed
Time is at once the most valuable and most perishable of all our possessions.
I love avocados in my salad I would go buy some right now, but I don't have a car doe
What do you call a starfish with a missing arm Patrick Stump
Dating a single mother: It's like continuing from somebody else's saved game.
Did you hear about the man who opened a yacht showroom? Sales went through the roof.
Female Viagra Why has it taken so long to get a female version of Viagra? They couldn't get the women to agree on the color for the pill.
Ya know what usually happens when I get naked in the bathroom? The shower gets turned on.
I love playing ""Army men"" with my Girlfriend I just lay on the ground an she blows the hell outta me
Have you ever tried duck sausage? Why don't you duck on down and get you some?
There Are Three Types of People in the World People who are good at math and people that aren't
what is the mods favorite joke? [deleted]
I think that bisexual girls should just call themselves more-or-lesbians.
Three guys walk into a bar... John Wick kills them with a pencil. A fucking pencil.
Why can I never be a doctor? Because I don't have any patients
Praying that Donald Trump is really just Ashton Kutcher performing his most elaborate prank yet.
Elliott Smith... Wouldn't know heartache if it stabbed him in the chest.
My German girlfriend likes to rate my sexual performances on a scale of 1-10. Last night we tried anal. She kept yelling 9. That's the best I've ever done.
Walls are just sober floors.
""As first lady you would be responsible for the White House china. Any thoughts?"" MELANIA TRUMP: Oh, Donald says he's getting rid of China
How do you start making big bucks? With a little doe
What is a Jewish dilemma Free ham
Why your fingers have spaces in between? nothing!why? would you like it to be very close to each other. You're not a duck!
A man is getting head from his wife... ...and tells her that he wants to cum in her ear. ""I'll go deaf!"" she says. ""Yeah? Well I always cum in your mouth, but you never shut the fuck up!""
How do you catch a unique rabbit? Unique up on him.. heh
What do you call obnoxious almonds? DEEZ NUTS!!! HA! GOT EEM!
What is a favorite film for an average girl? Mean Girls
What do you call transgender superheroes? X-Men.
I found the secret to getting fresh content on the front page. I turned my laptop off and opened Reddit on my phone. Boom, all blue links on my front page again.
What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a prostitute with Diarrhea? The farmer has the fits while he shucks.
What do you call a Jamaican who wears glasses? Rastafoureyes
Why does heaven have such great wifi? Because of all the cloud space.
TIL that there is a subreddit dedicated to praising Nancy Grace for her contributions to modern medical science. LOL! Not really, no. She is a bad person, and should feel bad.
I'm jealous of Santa... ...he can yell ""hoe hoe hoe"" at anyone and get away with it.
I want a family beach vacation. Hubby wants a family ski vacation. Hubby showing kids video of tsunamis. But 2 can play. Avalanche anyone?
Can you name a grateful astronomer? How about Neil Degracias Tyson?
[1st date] HER: My favorite movie is Zoolander, how bout u? ME: OMG SAME HER: What part's ur fave? ME: Um [sweating] when he lands a zoo
Why was the Pedophile's movie rated PG-13? It only had minor nudity.
Why did the man cross the road? Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
Why can't Stevie Wonder read? Because he's black.
C'mon, I can't be the only one that does kegels to pass the time in meetings
Kind of cruel that ""stutter"" has two syllables.
Before I die, I'm putting fake treasure maps behind all my picture frames. My grand children will be so pwned.
Movie Law: All computer hackers have to say ""We're in"" when they get into ""the system""
What is the difference between a gorilla and Michael Jackson? One of them got shot for touching a kid.
My brother has muscular dystrophy and we got into an argument about religion I told him his argument is just as valid as his legs.... Weak.
[the cops release the cadaver sniffing dogs into my living room for the third time this week] ME: *pauses netflix* I told you I'm not dead!
Why don't feminists carry handguns? Because of the triggers
My wife said we should try some role reversal in bed last night... So I said I had a headache.
A guy walks into a bar the punchline doesn't matter because the real joke is always in the comments.
So I met a girl named Tennessee I said to her, ""You're a ten, I see!"" And that's how I blew it with the hottest girl in the world.
My wife's cooking is so bad.... We pray to God after the meal
I hate having to go to the Starbucks 2 blocks away cuz of the horrible dates with all the baristas at the Starbucks 1 block away.
How does a man cut his hair on the moon? Eclipse it
Chuck Norris strikes again Chuck Norris has counted the number of atoms in the universe... **thrice**
How do you make soup from a computer? It's easy
are u in love with me? no?? *slides u a chocolate pudding* how about now?
It's your first time when you high af and you could feel the earth rotating faster than usual... in the opposite direction.
Unless you fell off the treadmill and smashed your face, nobody wants to hear about your workout.
The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.
What kind of bee produces milk? A BOOBEE!
My Life Sucks... Because my wife doesn't.
Deep After stewing in his emotions, emo veg comes to the conclusion that the root of the world's problems is that people don't seem to carrot all.
I can count the number of times I've been to Chernobyl with one hand. It's 42.
When I was young, I stopped believing in Santa despite massive peer pressure. You could say I was a rebel without a Clause.
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snow balls.
DON'T BREATHE! Studies show that 100% of humans that have died have inhaled oxygen at least once in their life.
I guess you can say trusting a Russian merchant is pretty... Roosky business
I'd try Taco Bell's breakfast but I don't start drinking that early.
Why cant Miss Piggy count to 100? Every time she gets to 69 she has a frog in her throat.
The guy who invented folding chairs lovingly cares for his product which is a problem for his wife who has season tickets to pro wrestling
Just ruined $387 worth of blinds in the house but that fly is dead.
If you believe binoculars are overrated, then look no further.
What is the KKK's favourite football (soccer) club? Blackburn
Crazy ex's are like a box of chocolates They'll kill your dog
My religious, conservative upbringing taught me that poor people are lazy and the rich are giving. Real life taught me the opposite.
If you post a pic of the temperature in your car on Facebook the University of Phoenix will email you a Meteorology degree.
There are three kinds of people on this earth. Those who can count ... And those who can't.
A man comes to the infodesk in a mall And says: ""Sorry, I seem to have lost my son in the mall, can I make an announcement on your PA system?"" ""Oh, sure"" The man leans towards the mike: ""I'm vegan""
Why can't Chinese people eat Swans? They don't have a Pitchfork. (This is a music reference joke)
More men have been enrolling in domestic violence support groups than ever If you can't beat em, join em
If you win three games of Twister in a row you're automatically a yoga instructor.
My exercise routine is a running joke.
Rabbit: I got kicked out of my cage for not  paying the rent. My wife walked out and took our twenty-nine bunnies with her. I'm all out of carrots. What should I do? Friend: Don't worry
ME: Velma cant see anything without her glasses, so in order to find her glasses, she needs to be wearing them PRIEST: Those are your vows?
I found the one When I saw her my knees got weak and my vision got blurry. That's when I realized I drunk the wrong glass.
I have Capri Sun and pudding in my fridge which proves I'm four or poor.
I stopped writing poetry when I realized their only value was to threaten to read them to people if they didn't do what I wanted.
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite weather? Drizzle
[Person who spends 20 hours per week in the gym] ""The trick is to drink 8 glasses of water a day.""
How did the Italian die? Talking while driving.
My coworker just took a broom and pole vaulted over the cubicle partition to confront the woman who accused her of being on speed.
Oh you sneaky little bastard! [Link to the joke.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/3ei9ie/the_best_joke_i_know/)
new instagram notification - Girl Who Actually Secretly Hates You Commented 'omg literally why are u so perfect'' On Your Photo!
In response to /u/WisestAirBender, ""Backwards"" is also a palindrome. ""Backwards"" spelled backwards is ""Sdrawkcab"", which is still backwards.
You tell me to get off my high horse? Why dont you tell the damn horse to stop getting high all the time.. His drug problem isn't my problem
90s kids won't get this... Social Security benefits.
Wife:Stop watching porn Wife: (shouting) Stop watching porn, I can hear it in the kitchen . . . . . Husband: . . . . I'm not, it's Sharapova vs Serena... I'm watching tennis....
3 Steps to being a good Programmer 1. Avoid recursion 2. Repeat steps 1 and 2. 3. Always have an exit condition. 4. Beware of being off by one.
I don't have bad posture, my body's just sad.
Why didn't the monster use toothpaste?  Because he said his teeth weren't loose.
Why do Ethiopian women give the best blowjobs? You know they'll swallow
What was the name of the hobbit who went to get frozen yoghurt? Froyo Baggins.
I had a race with an Asian today... It was a Thai
Youtube is the only place where you'll find people arguing about religion in the comments of a snowboarding video.
1 in every 5 dolphins is a method actor.
Why did the lizard take viagra? He suffered from a reptile disfunction.
Whenever I meet a girl with tattoos, I get excited. Because I know she's legal and willing to do stuff she may regret.
Why did the mean teacher walk around with her purse open? She'd read there was going to be some change in the weather.
This year, measuring your accomplishments against Lindsay Lohan's will ensure you feel like a winner merely for avoiding the penal system.
There are 10 types of people in the world Those who get binary and those who don't.
How do you differentiate a basic bitch from a bad bitch? You pour phenolphthalein on her and watch it turn pink.
Innkeeper: The room is $45 per night. It's $35 if you make your own bed. Guest: I'll make my own bed. Innkeeper: Good. I'll get you some nails and wood.
Everyone around me is obsessed with finding true love. All I want is a girl who will laugh at my jokes.
Loyalty Test... Wife buys 12 underwears of same color for hubby.. Hubby- Why same color sweetheart. people will think I never change my underwear. Wife- Which people Total silence...
make it a double A woman walks into a bar. The bartender asks her what she wants. ""I'll have an entendre" she says. ""Make it a double"" So he gave it to her.
What do a 9 volt battery and a hot chick's asshole have in common? You know you shouldn't but you are going to put your tongue on it eventually.
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a light bulb? It takes 1 to screw it in, and 99 to tweet about it.
What do you call an unfinished inflow of money? Incomplete.
I broke a lightbulb, smashed artwork, splattered milk from cereal bowls across kitchen walls and knocked over candles. Fly is dead.
Why did the gay guy cross the road? Because he is gay and the people on the other side of the road hate him and asked him to leave.
Mike Tyson refuses to play on any Playstation... He is an Ex-Boxer.
i went to a seafood disco once... And I pulled a mussel.
After exercising and eating right all week on Saturday I'm like the Kool-Aid man running into Chipotle.
Give a man a fish.. C'mon..give it... bad doggy..
What do the Mafia and pussies have in common? One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
""Lets all start wearing weird '90s mom jeans!"" - girls now
What type of pasta is most likely to cheat for a musical award? Rigatoni
What do you get when you cross a regular potato and a sweet potato? A tater tot.
Found out the paper in my favorite jeans is made from hemp. Hashtag Hashtag
*mugger pulls a knife* Mugger: gimme your money Me: well this night took a SHARP turn *later* Doctor: it's a record for amount of stabs
If Chile and Turkey had a war... Would that be a recipe for disaster? Would Greece get involved?
What did the Criminal call his new pretzel company? Assault and Buttery
""When fat people finish eating their Popsicles, let's punish them with the taste of death."" --the creator of the wooden Popsicle stick
Guys, what are your favorite ""I'm going to hell for this"" jokes? Here's mine: What do you call a dead Mexican? Dearly deported.
I don't agree with all the critics towards priests nowadays. They are actually the only ones who slow down with their car when near a school.
What's the similarity between Chris Brown being released and Pokemon Go being released? An increase in battery cases.
Congratulations! You successfully delivered that bell with no chips or chunks of it breaking off. Please see us to receive your... No Bell Piece Prize
what did Freud say about an algebraic equation? What you do to one side, you must also do to your mother
So from now on I believe in talking bears until someone can logically explain how that Ted scene just happened on the #oscars
How was copper wire invented? 2 jews fighting over a penny.
Why would the Holocaust have failed if the victims were Islamic? Because it would have been impossible to get a Muslim to take a shower.
My preferred method of birth control is ""mood-killing repetitive DVD menu.""
If a flea and a fly pass each other what time is it? Fly past flea.
The difference between the middle finger and the fourth finger I use my middle finger to say fuck you to you.. My wife uses my fourth finger to say fuck you to me
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 is a registered six offender.
If I had a nickel for every time I thought of you I'd start thinking about you.
Show him you care by setting his house on fire so he will have to move in with you and never be lonely again.
One time I saw a biker's funeral procession and realized even dead people are cooler than me.
My wife saw an ad in a window Which said ""tampons 50cents"" Is that true, she asked the shopkeeper... Very true, he said....""no strings attached""
I lost my job as a massage therapist. Apparently, I rub people the wrong way.
What do you call 20 niggers in the emergency room? Family reunion They even brought a bucket of KFC
How do you eat a DNA spaghetti? With a replication fork (you can also use your zinc fingers...)
Why is CoD: Infinite Warfare set in space? Because no one on earth wants to buy it.
Gay jokes aren't funny... ...I mean, come on guys.
Rules for rap battling Eminem: 1. Do not let Eminem go first. 2. Do not let Eminem go second.
What is a dog's favourite Easter treat?  Jelly bones!
What do you call a cow with one leg? Steak.
Knock Knock, Islam Knock Knock Who's there? Allah Allah who? Allah who ackbar!!!! ***BOOM***
My GPS sighs and rolls its eyes every time it says ""Recalculating"".
Why do prison guards use Proactive all the time? So they can prevent breakouts.
People who change the channel every time there's a commercial are more annoying than commercials.
Why was Darth Vader so ugly? Because he had sithilis.
Nowadays these adverts don't even make sense. The other day I saw this advert that said. The mother of all broadband! Virgin.
(SPOILERS) I guess you could say Tommen... Made a King's landing.
I like how Band-Aids come in 2 varieties: Stays on For a Second Before Falling Off or Needs WD-40 For Removal From Skin.
Guy walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing only Saran Wrap... Guy: doctor, I've been hearing voices. Can you help? Doctor: I'll try to diagnose but I can clearly see your nuts
What's the difference between you and a rooster? A rooster says ""cock-a-doodle-do"" You say: ""any cock will do!""
When someone is absolutely positively sure they're right about something is when I'm absolutely positve they're completely full of shit.
I'm going to by a bunch of those stick figure decals and randomly ad family members to the windows of unattended vehicles.
So I released a new cook book in the oriental side of town. It's called *101 ways to wok your dog*
If you have to ask if something is racist, it's probably racist. If you insist something you've said is not racist, it's probably racist.
Just got a great deal on some bottled water. The store was having a liquidation sale.
So this morning my fiance rolls over and says "honey I think I have a fever this morning."" To which I reply, ""pics or didn't happen.""
Two women are sitting quietly...
Is it just me or does the name Elon Musk sound like a cologne brand my grandpa would wear?
Business Idea: Audio books for deaf people
You ever click a link thinking you're going to get a free iPad, but all you get is a million emails? No? Yeah, me either.
I accidentally swallowed a turntable needle. Good thing nothing major happened good thing nothing major happened good thing nothing major happened good thing nothing major happened
I Heard that the Afterlife in Greek Mythology was Pretty Boring. I wonder why Hades didn't liven things up a bit.
Statistically, 1 in 5 of The Jackson's are Randy.
Dr: I'm giving u a proton-pump inhibitor Me: LIKE A GHOSTBUSTER? D: No for acid reflu *sees tears welling in my eyes* yes for busting ghosts
What is the name of the event in which Hillary supporters move out of the US? A start.
A banker broke up with his girlfriend... He lost interest.
I don't take my shirts to the dry cleaners. If I want to look sharp, I pay the iron price.
Holy shit a street psychic just stopped me & said I'm a special person who cares deeply about some things & I'm freaking 'cause that's SO me
What do you call Whoopi Goldberg after sex? A Whoopi pie.
Parallel parking reality show. Get on that.
My walk of shame is leaving a handicapped restroom stall while trying not to make eye contact with the wheelchair guy who was waiting on me.
If you watch tape from The Ring you die in 7 days unless you copy it and show it to someone else. So what happens if you put it on Youtube?
I'm always Frank with my partners. I don't want them knowing my real name now do I?
A nerdy pastry chef walks up to the girl he likes and says 'your beauty is infinite. . . . . . . just like Pi.'
I thought I saw someone I knew putting up Rick Santorum posters but I couldn't get a propaganda at him.
How do you call a cow without legs? Ground beef
What did Justin Bieber's biggest fan say to him when they met? nothing, hes a fan.
A prostitute got a tramp stamp It said ""tips appreciated""
A girl wants to go to the concert... She asked her dad for his permission, and he said, ""no, but you can buy the album, and that's vinyl.""
Why was the table pissed at Jesus? Because he looked a little cross.
My relationship with my cat is like that of a married couple. Basically we fight a lot and never have sex.
Whats the difference between a jew and a boyscout? The boyscout comes home from camp
I'm returning this head of lettuce. It tastes awful. ""Sir, that's a loofah."" Oh. I'm returning this loofah. Someone took a bite out of it.
What do you call an Indonesian shoe factory that just had air conditioning installed? A sweatstop.
You are so dimwitted even the blackhole night sky looks brighter than you.
I couldn't afford a vacation in Mexico, so I watched the Spanish channel all day and ate some undercooked chicken.
I want to give a shoutout to the sidewalk For keeping me off the street.
What happened to the tiger who took a bath three  times a day ? After a week he was spotless !
A blind man walks into a bar... Table and a chair.
What happens when a university math professor and a high school math teacher get it on? Calculust
What do lawyers use for birth control? Their personalities.
How do you make a nun pregnant? NSFW Dress her up as an altar boy.
What do you call a web developer who enjoys finding bugs in the system? A spider
RT if you think it's sad when people use social media in an obvious attempt to feel something, anything. RT if you disagree.
Why do feminists hate Apple? Because they're not PC.
One for the school kids this morning. What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhinoceros? Elephino.
A guy broke into my apartment last week.. He didn't take the TV, just the remote. Now he drives by and changes the channels.. Sick bastard..
When I think of a good tweet in the shower, I run out dripping & naked and post it before the internet ends and it's too late.
People keep telling me to start thinking for myself... I'm not sure what they want me to think about.
Cw: you have a call holding M: put it in my voicemail Cw: he has a sexy Australian accent M: hiiii this is Jennifer
How do dogs do business? Pro-bono
*shows up to date with broken nose* ""What happened?"" Hurt myself playing football ""How?"" Threw the controller at a wall and it bounced back
My 5 y/o's best Knock Knock joke yet Knock knock Who's there? Monkey balls Monkey balls who? Don't you mean monkey *bars*?
My sense of humor is so sophisticated... ...it's not even funny.
What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil? I've never had a lentil all over my chest.
What do you call A Tale of Two Mosquitoes?  A bite-time story.
Veterinarian- You're here to discuss your dog's salivation? Me- No. My dog's a good dog, he'll go to Heaven! I'm here about his slobbering.
Online dating has its good points. You can choose your own name, lie through your teeth and you can't smell their breath.
The entire Dutch air force was disabled this week. The pilot was sick.
Did you know President Obama can run around the White House in 11:00? It would be a record, but Bush did 9:11.
How do you get a full grown elephant on to the subway? You take the ""S"" out of ""Sub"", and then you take the ""F"" out of ""Way"".
My best friend was talking to me about proposing to his girlfriend. I'm not sure though, she's not really my type.
How do you stop a Polish tank? Shoot the guy that's pushing it
What did the elephant say? When he lost his penis.
The best part of the Grammys was Justin Bieber not performing
Oh yeah!! Well, if smoking weed destroys your short-term memory, then what does smoking weed do?
I quit Reddit.
I actually heard this joke in a dream this morning What do you call a little square that hasn't developed its new dimension yet? Precubescent
Him: let's play a game of rhyme. I'll go first. Romantic Me: Panic Him: Fun Me: Run Him: love Me: shove Him: this isn't going well. Me: hell
I don't do cocaine I just like the smell
My 7yo has a friend over and I'm pretty sure he learned how to whisper during a hurricane.
What do you call a nun in a wheel chair? Virgin mobile
Me: *eating 3rd Twix of the day* Her: You eat too much candy, you're going to make me a widow Me: *orders 10 truckloads & cancels all plans*
Why do Asian woman have small breasts? Because her parents accept nothing less than an A.
Saw a man selling umbrellas in the rain today. He ironically was umbrella-less. When I asked him why, he replied: ""Man, I don't stay dry off my own supply.""
Me: I said no cookies! 4yo: I forgot. Maybe I have amnesia! Me: How'd you get amnesia? 4yo:.. Me:.. 4yo: I don't remember. Me: Well played..
99 little bugs in the code, 99 little bugs in the code. Take one down, patch it around 117 little bugs in the code.
Getting ready to ask my black friends what finna ax means.
Can we just hold the power button down on America and see if that fixes anything?
Why was the dolphin depressed? He felt he had no porpoise in life
Half of Americans must be thinking Gaza Strip is the name of some Strip Club which Israel wants
Why didn't Spider-Man's enemies just move to a city without skyscrapers?
My coat is so covered with dog fur that someone's probably going to throw red paint on me at some point today.
First date: [ok, don't let her know you're a t-rex] Her: I absolutely love it when guys open the car door for me Me: Shit.
What do you call a Roman transvestite? Ben-Her.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? Trump wouldn't pay $1000 to have a lentil on his face. #watersportsgate #goldenshower
It's like Grandma used to say, ""All men are hilarious, until you marry one.""
Some people have skeletons in their closet. I have a whole graveyard!
The older I get, the earlier it gets late.
What do you call an Arab with a hammer on his head?
[at interview] INTERVIEWER: Who inspires you? ME: Peter Piper. INTERVIEWER: What does he do? ME: It's difficult to say.
Why is it easier for women to shave ""downstairs"" than men? They don't have to go through as many obsticles.
Air Conditioning is pretty cool
What do you call a bunch of stereotypical Americans running? Nothing, it never happens.
Why did the bald guy cut a hole in his pocket? Because he wanted to run his fingers through his hair.
Why was 6 afraid of 10? Because 10 was in the middle of 9,11...
What did the P say to the R? ""Is that a strap-on?""
Some people's decisions are based in fear, others are based in beer.
I don't know what to I can't see an end. I have no control and I don't think there's any escape I don't even have a home anymore. Definitely time for a new keyboard.
They say real men hunt their food, which is why I throw a spear through the box of pasta before letting it bleed out in my shopping cart.
[team tryouts] Coach: You really knocked that one out of the park. Jimmy: Thanks Coach! Coach: This is tennis.
8y:thank you for the present grandma ....: no need.. 8y: that's what I thought too but mum said I have to
[getting fired from NASA] Is it because I kept saying ""Technically we're already in space?""
Three types of people... There are three types of people in this world. Those who are odd, and those who literally can't even.
Who are the fastest readers in the world? 9/11 victims. They go through 50 stories in just a few seconds.
I tried explaining to my girlfriend how hard it is to pee with a boner... Now she stands in the bathroom naked just to make it harder
Why don't you want a turkey at your thanksgiving dinner? Because it'll gobble up everything.
People who say ""the waiting is the hardest part""... ...have never used Viagra
A violist and a cellist were standing on a  sinking ship together. ""Help!"" cried the cellist ""I can't swim!"" ""Don't worry"" said the violist ""just fake it.""
Of course I like you, which is why I have to act like I don't like you so you'll know how much I like you.
A guy walks into a doctors office with a carrot in his ear and a piece ofcelery up his nose. The doctor told him he wasn't eating right.
Why did the storm trooper get an iPhone? He couldn't find the Droid he was looking for
""The limo is broken""... Said the limo driver who looked like a person but darker colored
A Buddhist monk approaches a hot dog stand... and says, ""Make me one with everything.""
Why did the bar owner by a diamond mine get arrested? He attributed to the delinquency of a miner.
Santa Hates Blonds Why did the blond slap Santa? He kept saying ""Ho Ho Ho"" *dum roll - rim slap*
""Jill look out the window..."" ""...there's a horse in our yard."" ""No Jack, it's not a horse, it's a cow!"" ""I said look out the window, not in the mirror!""
I tried committing suicide once... never doing that again, I almost killed myself.
This joke is like a party without any demand for fruit juice. There is no punch line.
What did the biscuit say when it saw two friends knocked down? Crumbs!
GUY 1: Why can't we skip rope without society judging us? GUY 2: What if we occasionally beat the crap out of each other? Boxing is born.
How are girls and jokes alike? They both tend to suck more the more strung-out they get.
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 explodes.
Where do frogs leave their hats and coats ?  In the croakroom !
You heard about the new Jewish designed car? It stops on a dime... &amp
So a sandwich... So a sandwich walks into a bar and the bartender says, ""sorry, we don't serve food here.""
What's the best thing about being born on 9/11/99? You had the two biggest candles on your second birthday.
Tape a terrible drawing of a refrigerator onto your child.
How much force does it take for the Carolina Panthers to lose a Playoff game. One Newton
A recent archeological dig was finished at historic Stratford-upon-Avon They found many typewriters and many, many, more monkey skeletons
Looking at our latest Comcast bill and I can only pray that our daughter has zero aspirations for college
Technically When is a computer like a blonde? When it goes down on you as soon as you turn it on.
""That's a sexy little outfit you're wearing" I said. ""I bet you want my cock in you."" ""Dave" my wife said, ""do you know I can hear you on the baby monitor?""
He sees you when you're sleeping. He knows when you're awake. He's a serial killer named Terrence Fishman & he plans to kill you Monday
What do you do if you see a blue banana?  Try to cheer it up.
What did the hungry dyslexic order at the movie theater? Cop porn * This is probably already a joke but I'm experiencing a huge coffee crash so it was hilarious to me.
[15 years ago] Mom: Use protection. I'm too young to be a nana [Now] M: I'll pay for the Russian mail order bride. I WANT GRANDCHILDREN!!
My son asked me what it is like to be married.. So I deleted all the music on his ipod except for 1 song.
A Jewish kid asks his father for sixty dollars. The father replies ""FIFTY DOLLARS??? What the heck to do you need forty dollars for??""
Why did the TV execs decide not to create a new reality show about philosophers? Because it would only be for a Neitzsche audience
Food has replaced sex in my life. I can't even get into my own pants.
they probably named the Rocky mountains first and then saw all the other mountains and were like ""oh""
Have you heard about the gay bees with allergies? They come out in hives.
An alien makes contact. I take it home, give it a sandwich. Then ice cream. And then, to show we're an advanced race, an ice cream sandwich.
Always love a woman for her personality. They have like 10, so you can choose.
<Tries to plow the road> Road: I have a boyfriend.
Why did the ocean take a bath? It had a sandy bottom.
Calm down mechanic guy. Just here for an oil change. If I wanted to know about all the other shit wrong with my car I'd turn the radio down.
Where do boxers punch each other the most? In the ring.
Why was Jesus so ripped? because he did crossfit...
Who was the most famous ant scientist ? Albert Antstein !
The iPhone 7 is water-resistant, has stereo sound and a better camera but it doesn't have that one feature that I want: affordability.
I used to have a desk with great selfie lighting and then I changed jobs for personal fulfilment. I wouldn't recommend it.
Gaining weight from drinking so much water? Drink lighter fluid
folks this is your captain, we're reaching an altitude of 69,000ft. the plane can't fly this high so we're gonna crash, but it was worth it.
I will never have to admit to a mistake at work when I can blame the last person who quit
Why is it that sumo wrestlers shave their legs? So they don't get mistaken for feminists.
This day in Sweden... ...there was a black guy in Gothenburg.
A magician was driving down the street and turned into a driveway
Teacher and student Chemistry teacher: Did you know protons have mass? Student:  I didn't even know they were catholics.
What's the best part about having sex with twenty-one year old's? There's twenty of them.
How many MRAs does it take to screw in a light bulb? Tires need changing too you know!
Why is the mailman bad at sex? His package cums too quickly
Did you hear the one about the deaf man? Neither did he.
How did the writer pop the question? He per-prosed
If one horse is in the corral, running around the perimeter of the fence,and another horse is running free in a field, which one is singing, ""Don't Fence Me In""? Neither. Horses can't sing.
A man in the car beside me had his arm out the window and I was admiring his sleeve tattoo until I realized it was only excessive arm hair
My friend is nuts. He thinks he's Bugs  Bunny. But I'm positive he isn't. How do you know he isn't?  Because I am.
Canceling my subscription!! I'm tired of your issues.
Guys, read the fine print before selling your soul to the devil. There's no way to opt out of his email newsletters.
They say it's impossible to be sad and happy at the same time My wife just told me I have the biggest dick out of all my brothers.
A Jewish kid goes to his dad and says, ""Dad, I need to borrow fifty bucks"". The dad says, ""Forty bucks? I don't have thirty bucks, what do you need twenty bucks for?""
Why was Jered Fogle always late? He kept getting a little behind.
Why did the fish's car break down? It needed a tuna-up.
Hey Goku, with how many women have you been with? - Just with Chi-Chi, and you Krillin? - With 18
A dad walks into a zoo.. A dad walks into a zoo. He sees the only animal is a dog and says ""Well, this is a shitzu""
When I said that you'd always have a place to stay in rough times, I meant like a motel or a shelter. Anyway ... You can't stay here.
Why should you never watch a movie with a generous Nascar driver? He might give away spoilers!
A white guy and a black guy walk into a bar... The bartender says, ""your kind isn't welcome here."" They kick the nigger out, and everyone laughs, and has a drink of beer.
If I had a dollar for every time I got distracted while writing a paper
Hate it when pharmacy girls ask if I've ""Used this product before?"" Darling I've applied, swallowed & inserted every item ever sold here.
Sometimes I like to hide my wife's inhaler. So the neighbours think I'm a stallion when they hear her panting "" Fucking give it to me!""
*points at self* the man.. *poimts at foot* the leg-end
Circles. I don't see the point in them.
When you drop the beet... ...everybody's going to turnip
They tried to make me go to rehab... They tried to make me go to rehab, and I said... 'I don't have insurance'. And that was the end of that.
What did the grapes say to their parents after they put them into a nursing home? Thanks for raisin us
What did Hitler get for Christmas? An easy-bake oven.
I didn't realise you spelled your name with a ""ph"", Steve. My apologies, Pheven.
Donald Trump's plan to build a wall might actually work The Chinese built a huge wall, and they have almost no Mexicans in their country.
""I've got 99 problems and they're all FABULOUS!"" (Gay-Z)
Boxing and fencing Two sports that have nothing to do with boxes or fences
What do you call an elephant that lies across the middle of a tennis court ? Annette !
A new book for stoners aspiring to greatness 7 Habits of Effectively High People
Her lips were saying ""no""..... But her eyes were saying ""read my lips""....
What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps? Michael Phelps can finish a race...
I once met a guy who had a law fetish. He got off on a technicality.
What does a pirate say when he turns 80? Aye matey!
A skeleton walks into a bar... orders a beer and a mop.
While it may be physically possible to have a baby after 40, forty children are probably enough.
There are 4 black guys in a rectangular room. They divide evenly into the 4 corners. How many men are in each corner? 3/5
Doctor Doctor my husband smells like fish Poor sole!
'Noah' plot hole: THE FOOD CHAIN.
Have you ever had sex while camping? I hear it's fucking in tents.
David Cameron joke! They say David Cameron is a one term Prime Minister. That term is of course 'cunt'.
Life is a soup And I'm a fork
I can't do this. I think I'm dying. Why does your face look like a donut? ~ me 30 minutes into dieting
""Honey, don't try to feed ice cream to the Christmas tree" is a thing I literally just said.
Got out of the car and dropped my keys in the gutter. They landed next to my mind, which I thought I'd lost.
What do you call a man with three cocks? A farmer
Why should you never date a tennis player? Love means nothing to them.
Once I saw a blind man touching a cheese grater at Ikea. He said: ""who wrote this bullshit""
What is a heroin addict's favorite website? Instagram.
You dig ,I dig, she dig, he dig, we dig, they dig. It's not a great poem but it's very deep.
Giving people the finger while driving just isn't effective. Which is why I had the catapult installed.
invemtor of fruit-by-the-foot: [stares blankley at a roll of toilet paper for hours] WAIT I'VE GOT IT
They say that money can't buy you happiness, but being broke buys you nothing...
Enough with the North Korea jokes guys, Seriousry they aren't funny!
The creator of Mad Libs has died. His friends described him as a warm and pulpy man who loved his wife and pelicans. He will be deeply pooped.
Why are there so many people in Ireland? Cos' they keep Dublin and Dublin and Dublin...
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one.
Auto-erotic asphyxiation You can go on about it until you're blue in the face, I'm still not interested.
After a klose game with messi challenges and neuer goal scoring opportunities, ze Germans kept their cool and gotze World Cup that they deserved!
How do they know that Princess Diana had dandruff? They found her Head &amp
What do you call an Italian with no hands? Mute
When Chuck Norris plays Monopoly, it affects the actual world economy.
It's funny how 1 text, 1 song, 1 mistake, 1 lie, 1 truth, and 1 person could change your mood in 1 second.
Which one is the odd one out
Having a talk about drugs with my 11 yr old, and she said ""If I'm going to do anything, it will be hot boys."" I think I just had a stroke.
The other day I held the door open for a clown I thought it was a nice jester.
Q. What do you call 1000 heavily armed lesbians? A. Militia Etheridge
What kind of person do people hate moving in next to them that starts with an 'N' and ends with an 'r'? [NSFW] A 'neighbor,' you racist fuck!
I made this joke up. Man 1: Hey, I haven't seen you in a few days. What's up? Man 2: Oh, I went pearl diving in Ming Chao. Man 1: Oh? Where's Ming Chao? Man 2: She's getting dressed.
Shout out to octopi. The spiders of the sea since 1981.
Not saying I deserve a gold medal in parenting, but it's 4:47 PM and my 4yo just yelled ""FINE THEN, I'M GOING TO BED!"" So you be the judge.
Greek yogurt Its just not as rich as it was before
What is a porn star's favorite allergy medicine? (NSFW?) Bend'n'dryl
There is a time and place for decaf coffee. (Never and in the trash)
[Frugal] I ran behind a bus all the way home and save $2.25. Got home and girlfriend mocked me saying had I run behind a cab, I would have saved $15.
*licks finger, holds it up in the air* ah yes, just as i suspected. wind.
If Google ever goes down and stays down, I'm fucked. I know four facts and they're all about elephants and I already forgot three of them.
What's the difference between a coyote and a flea? One howls on the prairie
I bet... ... you clicked here.
I think my girlfriend has a trigonometry fetish because every time I talk to her she gets off on a tangent.
Our homemade guacamole turned darker green after sitting out for awhile Seems like after hitting the air, it guacsidized.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day!
Why don't women get hit by trains? There is no railroad tracks between the living room and the kitchen.
What happens at night in Bangladesh? It gets Dhaka
Do you guys know the story of Flip Flap the Giraffe? It's a giraffe, walking in the savannah. All of a sudden, an helicopter comes by and..... flip flap the giraffe!
Jesus loves you may be a wonderful thing to hear in church But it's a terrible thing to hear in a Mexican prison.
What's the difference between a girl scout and a Jew? Girl scouts come home from camp
Your momma is so fat... But I still fucked her.
Life stops when you stop dreaming, hope ends when you stop believing, love ends when you stop caring, friendship ends when you stop sharing.
How did Popeye buy long sleeve shirts?
If it is not Valentines day and you see a man in a flower shop, you can probably start up a conversation by asking, 'What did you do?' 
Who wears a red suit and knows if you were naughty or nice? My boner, during my girlfriends period.
The only good thing about being an alcoholic is that no one ever asks me to drive them anywhere.
Me: doctor doctor I cant stop fucking farting... Doctor: *runs out the room comes back with a ten foot pole*Me: OMG!!!!!!! what are you gonna do with that??? Doctor: OPEN UP A FEW FUCKING WINDOWS
""Oh man, you've got stretched lobes and piercings? I've got stretched lobes and piercings, too!"" ""Sweet! We should hang out!"" - Ear buds
'50 Shades of Grey' taught me how to please a woman. It's by writing a shitty book.
Ladies, if he calls you crazy, don't get upset. Crazy girls are better in bed so take it as a compliment. But stab him, just in case...
Donald Trump sure likes making fun of boxing. What with all the lightweight insults
Why is Russia a very fast country ? Because the people are always Russian !
[accidentally calls teacher ""mom""] MY BRAIN: shit, play it cool. say something. ME: what's for dinner tonight BRAIN: what
I hate the word ""chicks"". Can we politely call them LADIES. Women, please.. Ladies nuts on your chin 
I bet if Jesus were here right now, he'd be like ""Toilets are amazing.""
11's thoughts on tonight's dinner: ""Well, it didn't make me gag, so I ate it."" The rewards of motherhood are truly breathtaking.
The iPhone 5 will be able to print bacon
This forest scent air freshener is really working. Three elk have moved into my living room.
Two sausages sitting in a frying pan... 1st sausage turns to the 2nd sausage and says, ""is it me? Or is it really hot in here? "" 2nd sausage says, ""HOLY SHIT! A talking sausage...""
See a penny pick it up... All day long you'll have.... A nagging feeling that the previous owner wasn't a ""hand washer"".
What is hot, carbon-dated and buried deep inside Georgia? Her geography teacher's cock.
Congratulations on your accomplishments! Whitney Houston, on being year sober!
I think it's weird that characters in comic strips always recite the alphabet to fall asleep... ...But it's even weirder that they always time it exactly fucking perfect.
Non-Racist black joke What do you call four black men in a red sleeping bag? A Kit-Kat.
Having a traditional Columbus Day. Headed to a casino to hand out blankets with smallpox on them.
Why did everyone hate the window? He was a pane in the glass! Credit: 12 year old me
What are two reasons why men don't mind their own business? 1. No mind. 2. No business.
MIDDLE EAST: How can we stop ISIS? EUROPE: How can we save our economy? AMERICA: What color is this dress?!
I once knew a guy in high school who got caught masturbating in the shower. It really ruined our class trip to Auchwitz for us.
Told my 4 yo that his hamster died and that was in heaven with God. 4yo: Why would God want a dead hamster?
Trees put cats in their hair so they can flirt with firefighters when they climb up them.
What did the Alabama woman say when she lost her virginity? Dad you're crushing my cigarettes.
Whoever said money doesn't grow on trees obviously never sold marijuana.
Dear Algebra, please stop asking us to find your x. and dont ask y.
I accidentally used AOL.com to search for something today. I feel like everyone who works there probably high-fived each other and got really hopeful about the future.
Tom Cruise has never starred in a movie where his character description didn't include the word ""hotshot.""
I hope the meteorite crash in Russia doesn't affect the price of Vodka!
What's Hitler's favorite Pokemon? Nein-Tales.
Candy cigarettes are a gateway drug to rock candy.
What do you get if you cross an alien and a  hot drink ? Gravi-tea !
Fun trick to play on your partner: ""Don't you remember what day this is?""
I missed a period in that last tweet. I hope I'm not pregnant.
Me: *Sweeping* Wife: Excuse me Me: *Slams broom on floor* YOU SHALL NOT PASS Wife: ... Me: That's from lord of Wife: MOVE! Me: *Moves*
How do you keep black people out of your business? Put up a ""Now Hiring"" sign.
How many Jews can you fit in a car? Two in the front, two in the back and none in the ash tray because the Holocaust never happened.
Why did God allow women to get yeast infections? So they could know what it was like to live with an irritating cunt sometimes..
Knock Knock? Whos There? Imaja / Imaja who ? Oh look the door opened Im out
I wear the pants in this family. It's so embarrassing when I go to Olive Garden, and the rest of my family is naked from the waist down.
What do you call a lost Asian man? Disoriental
What do you call a compliant volcano? A volcayes.
Facebook needs to add ""still banging my ex"" as a relationship status option
what's orange and sounds like a parrot? a carrot.
""Mommy, I don't wanna grow up and die!"" ""Oh. Well, you can die at any age, really.""
How much wood can Chuck Norris if Chuck Norris could chuck wood? Chuck Norris would just stare at the wood, and it would chuck itself out of fear.
Here's the thing about women: it's really hard to write a good joke about them.
A weeping willow tree is just like a regular willow tree only married
Genderqueers must have a tough time scheduling.. Because they don't have agenda
What did the Pope say to the hot atheist girl? Shake that blasphemy
4-way car crash reported in Mexico City. 86 confirmed dead.
What do you say when someone asks you to make a fat person leave? ""Piece of cake.""
AMA Request: Kim Davis. I would like to hear her answer this question, for she seems uniquely qualified to do so: If a man and woman from Kentucky get a divorce, are they still brother and sister?
Q: What do you call the study of the purchase of tree parts? A: Stem sell research.
The roulette dealer had a unique personality. He had a different spin on everything.
9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
I used to do drugs... I still do. But I used to, too.
Think about a nice pair of slacks. Now think about a panda. Now about radishes. Now about salt. I think you see where Im going with this.
What's Invisible and Smells Like Mice? Cat Farts...
cause baby now we've got baaathtubs you know we soaking in maaad suds so take a loofah for baaack scrubs cause baby now we baaathtubs [hey!]
What's the great thing about 25 year olds? There's 20 of them.
Why is polar bear cheap to have as a pet ? It lives on ice !
Why are prosthetic limbs so in fashion? Anyone can pull them off
If i could have any super power, i'd pick the ability to lure kids into my truck without giving them candy i spent my hard earned money on.
If Jesus could see the way some Christians act today He'd be rolling in his grave
Sorry Amanda. There will be no second date. First off, the plural of shrimp IS shrimp. Not shrimps. Also it's pronounced sammon, not sallman
What did the blind man say when he passed the fish market? 'Hi girls!'
[biologists find beached whale] its a new species what can we call it? [surfer walks by] yo killer whale bro [biologists look at each other]
Did you hear about the 4th place winner with the muscle condition? Even though he didn't rank in the top three he still got atrophy.
What's brown and sounds like a bell? DUUUUNNNGGGGGG
What did the snake say when another asked him the time ? Don't asp me !
Q: Why couldn't the animals on Noah's Ark play cards? A: Because Noah was standing on the deck!
You don't need a parachute to skydive... You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Joke  What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob? Wife: ""I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?"" Husband: ""You have perfect eyesight.""
If I ever become a filthy millionaire, I'm gonna string 50 smartwatches together and create a batman belt of gadgets out of them I know it's a waist of time, but it'll be worth it.
[Gaming] Why did the console player cross the road? To render the buildings on the other side
It's not a nap if you never got out of bed.
I want to be rich enough to tell the Chipotle cashier, ""Guacamole is NO OBJECT!""
My doctor just told me I was suffering from paranoia. Well he didn't actually say that, but I could tell it was what the bastard was thinking.
What is a pirate's least favorite letter? Dear Sir/Ma'am We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons: Illegal Downloading
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet. That rose's name? Albert Einstein.
It's always ""Too hard. Too soft. Too short. Too thick."" I'm never inviting Goldilocks to another orgy
What do you get when you cross an ape and a black person?? A really stupid ape
I wonder if Jesus knows that everyone just pretends to be his friend so they can move into his sweet cloud house.
""There is no such thing as a stupid question."" - person who has never walked my family through attaching a photo to an email.
Yo momma so fat when she had turkey at thanksgiving She ate the whole damn country
How did the muslim get cancer? By smoking a lot of fags.
How does Austin Powers decide which guys he will sleep with? (NSFW) By giving them an oral test first. ""If you can gag me, you can shag me!""
The word condominium has the word condom in it. hehe 
What do you call an army of gorilla soldiers? Boko Harambe.
I get chills down my spine every time I hear the song Stayin' Alive... I don't know, there's something about the Bee Gees that just gives me the heebie jeebies
Two tampons are walking down the street. One is a name brand, and the other is generic. Which one talks to you first? Neither. They're stuck up bitches.
My better half said period jokes aren't clever So I wound up discarding 3 pages of jokes i had expounded on the Victorian period.
My ex-girlfriend had a parakeet That fucking thing would never shut up. The bird was pretty cool though.
What do you get when you stick your dick in yogurt without asking first? Rape culture.
I dated a woman once. Most confusing twenty minutes of my life.
When Chinese audiences see movies based on toys... ...they probably think ""Hey look! It's those toys we made!""
Because telescopes work using mirrors... We'll never know if there are any space vampires.
A grasshopper walks into a bar ... The bartender says ""Hey we have a drink named after you"" The grasshopper says ""You have a drink named Steve?""
This subreddit used to be funny until chickens started screwing light bulbs.
Comedian In A Fight!! What does a comedian use in a fight? A Punch Line
as you wonder ""where the weed at?"" a worm hole opens up in front of you and through the portal an alien arm reaches out to pass you a blunt
Q: What do termites eat for breakfast? A: Oakmeal.
Knock Knock Who's there? Gilbert Melendez Gilbert Melendez who? Gilbert may lend deez nuts
One of my favorite things about raps music is the fun ethnic code words they use for everyday things like money & women. I'm learning a lot!
I told my redneck uncle how I learned about the five pillars of Islam. He said Muslims must all be a bunch of pansies. Just one pillar has always been enough for him, and he sleeps just fine!
In response to McDonald's pay with hugs campaign, Nationwide will allow you to pay for insurance with DEATH.
I don't believe in ghosts. They're always lying to me.
30 seconds staring confused at the calculator app before realizing why my phone wasn't calling the number I dialed.
My social outings consist of the ""maybe attending"" events I never attend on Facebook.
Actually, the past tense is 'hanged' as in 'he hanged himself'. Sorry about your dad, though
Friends are a lot like trees... They fall down when hit multiple times with an axe.
Why can't Santa play in the NBA? He has a no-trade Claus
The doctor said to treat my daughter's scratch with alcohol, so I kissed it.
Got six numbers at the bar last night One more and it would have been a full phone number!
There are 10 types of people in the world... those who understand binary, and those who don't
Her: Make me a burrito, please. Me: ?? *wraps her in blanket *pours hot sauce inside
How did Roman magistrates keep fit? Pontius Pilates.
How many dead babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Obviously more than 8, because my basement is still dark.
In ""Come As You Are"", Kurt Cobain kept repeating ""And I swear that I don't have a gun""... ...he lied.
For a tiny person unable to wipe herself after she poops, my toddler has managed to hit me dead in the eyeball with 4 things today.
My dog is attacking a tree. ""Bark, bark, bark , bark.""
What's the worst thing about living with Alzheimer's? I forgot
You'll never believe how much this girl paid me to have sex with her...... One vagina.
Really, iTunes? You need to update my calculator app? Have there been changes to basic math that I'm unaware of?
I liked ""Facebook posts"" better when they were called ""journal entries"" and no one was allowed to read them.
Me: This is DISGUSTING! WHO PEED ON THE WALL?! 7yo: Not me. I only pee on the floor.
What kind of bees give milk? BOOBIES!!!
What did O say to Q? Your boto is showing!
We only cook with fresh, local ingredients so tonight we're grilling our neighbor's cat.
What do you call a British person playing a saxophone? An Anglo Saxin'
What's the advantage to fingering a gypsy on her period? You get your palm red for free
Who are you and how did you get in here? I'm a locksmith and I'm a locksmith.
Somewhere right now, a girl just uploaded a picture of herself saying ""Not looking good today"" after deleting the first 50 pictures she took
The 3 words that best describe me are... I'm really bad at counting.
How can you tell if someone got their dog from a shelter? Don't worry, they'll let you know.
I bought a tiny chili pepper plant today. I wanted to spice up my apartment.
My son has the ability to predict what will happen in the future and later explain why it didn't happen. I think I'm raising a politician.
I feel bad for people who work at German supermarkets. They have to deal with Deutsch bags all day.
Q: What do you call a parrot that flew away? A: A polygon!
Married girls are so lucky. They can post anything they want on here because they already tricked some dumb guy into marrying them.
Aww, you ""only wish the best for your exes?"" That's cool, I lie about things too.
Coworker: I never would've guessed you're in your 30's. You look so young. Me: I'm old at heart.
Today I connected all the freckles on my arm with a Sharpie. It spells out RIKSHAZ9LIRK. Clearly I am The Chosen One.
Reception Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The Ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
You're doing really well now please pull into this liquor store do you want anything? -Me as a Drivers Ed teacher
Looks like the UK didn't read the fine print when cutting off ties with the EU... You Brexit, you bought it.
My cat doesn't listen to a word I say. That's why the cell phone she made me buy her only has a text message plan.
Bloody Foreigner, coming over here, wanting to know what love is.
I try to teach my mom something new everyday. Because you're supposed to learn from your mistakes.
the man who killed hitler ...sacrificed his life to do it but people still hate him.
Nosy Peppers Nosy peppers are jalapeno business.
What do you call the babies born in a whorehouse? Brothel sprouts.
What does anal sex and broccoli have in common? If you're forced to try it as a kid.. you probably wont like it as an adult.
Was just in an elevator with my ex, so I stopped at every floor to show him he was wrong on so many levels.
There are only 10 types of people in this world... Those who understand binary, and those who don't.
What do a pimp and a cowboy have in common? They both know how to throw a ho-down.
Some pretty young girl just knocked on my door saying there was a Pokemon inside my house... I was all ""Nice try Chris Hansen...""
The Dalai Lama walks into a pizza shop and says ""can you make me one with everything?""
TIFU by mocking a reddit mod [deleted]
Roses are red and sometimes they're thorny, when I think of you, I get really ...............
What's the worst part about breaking up with a Japanese person? You have to drop the bomb twice before they get the message.
I like to combine danger with awkwardness by falling up stairs.
Who is both a knight and a spy? Sir Veillance
What is Donald Trump's favorite type of cheese? White American.
If you think buying condoms is awkward, try returning them.
*Kanye trips and falls* SUCH A GENIUS! WHAT A POETIC DEMONSTRATION OF HOW HIS ANCESTORS FELL TO SLAVERY AND ROSE AGAIN *jaden smith cries*
Why did Elon Musk's wife leave him? she asked for sex and got S3X instead.
How do you find a blind guy on a nude beach? It's not hard
I don't like peanut butter... it just isn't my jam.
What do you call a Pokemon that likes coins? A Pika-Jew
Imagine if the presidential race was an actual marathon Then we'd really have a Kenyan in office.
Q: What did the first stoplight say to the second stoplight? A: Don't look I'm changing!!
Someone's only cute till they leave one of your texts on read.
The worst mix of diseases? Alzheimer and diarrhea. You run but you don't remember where.
Why didn't Toronto's mayor tell us earlier about his drug use? It must have fallen through a crack.
I live 30 feet from my mother-in-law, Hell holds no surprises.
Why did the stick-figure man's arm keep hitting him in the face? Because it was the punch line.
Closed letter to the Mods of /r/Jokes O
Al Gore to protest Amy Winehouse funeral... Something that toxic should not be going in the ground!
There are 10 types of genders in the world... Gender binary, and, well, the joke still makes sense if you didn't get the first part.
Nice shoes. Where'd you get them? Him: ... *peeks under bathroom stall* Did you hear me?
What has 2 heads and six legs? Nirvana
Let's have phone sex over walkie talkies. ""Bend over."" ""Bend what? Over.""
What does Chris Brown tell his friends when he sees Rihanna at a party? I hit that.
What did the kids say to the gay rabbit? Silly faggot, Dicks are for chicks!
Why doesn't anyone get laid on Thanksgiving? All the coats are on the bed!
Why did... Why did the golfer wear an extra pair of pants? In case he got a hole in one! Ha Ha  Ha Ha
How did the obscene telephone caller get  attacked by the Gorilla? He made a mistake and dialled a preyer!
When the moon hits your eye... When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie that's amore. When you swim in a creek and an eel bites your cheek that's a moray.
Mom She gave me life She gave me love She gave me sarcasm She gave me the ability to cut brake lines so that it looks like an accident.
Which female comedienne likes terrible punchlines? BaDum **Trish**.
What did the Trump supporting viticulturist say Monday morning? Time to make America Grapes Again.
What is a store for dogs called? A Superbarket
What's small, orange and sounds like a parrot? An oompa loompa with a sore throat.
What kind of dog is the quietest? A ""shhh""nauzer
What's it called when a vampire kisses you goodnight? Necking.
How do you make holy water You stab it with a knife over and over
What did the chicken say before it crossed the road? I'll be Ba Ba Ba Baaach!
Best Bang for your Buck! would make a great punchline for a joke about bambi and the intricate workings of an illegal woodland critter prostitution service
This yogurt is so cultured, I can only eat it when I'm listening to Beethoven.
What makes a software developer feel rich? Their Cache
Number joke as told by Yoda why 5 afraid of 7 was? because 6, 7 8
Throwing acid is wrong... in some people's eyes
Which celebrity is great at creating probate documents? Will Smith
What is worse then a centipede with sore feet? A giraffe with a sore throat
3 am phone call, ""Hey, are you asleep?"" Nope, Im skydiving.
You can just start calling yourself an olympic hopeful. You don't have to fill out a form or anything.
Q: How do you catch a red elephant? A: With a red elephant trap.
Father: I hear you skipped school to play football Son: No I didn't and I have the fish to prove it!
Trash can and chileans(Geopolitic humour) what is the difference between a trash can and a Chilean? The word
Shout out to my loving wife, who has made me everything I am today... Fucking miserable
A blind man walks into a bar ""Ow!"" he exclaims. The bartender responds by saying that he doesn't know that drink.
What rock group has four men that don't sing? Mount rushmore
Remember to turn your clocks back today if you want them to be set to the wrong time.
An Irishman walks out of a pub. ...
What did a cyberman say to John Smith? You will be [deleted]
I finally found my wife's G-spot! Who would have thought her sister had it the whole time?
Virginity Dad: You stole my daughter's Virginity! Man: Sorry sir, Won't happen again!
What is the plural of y'all? -What is the plural of y'all? -Y'alls? -All y'all.
What's between an old woman's breasts that's not between a young woman's breasts? a navel..
Setting off the security sensor when exiting a store should involve a trap door or at least a big net that scoops the suspect up.
What do you call a German think tank? An answer panzer!
Snowy White and the 7 dwarves... Snowy White and the 7 dwarves were lying in bed feeling happy...but happy didn't like it and got out...
What do worms and girls have in common? They both squirm when you eat them
I've seen some bad thieves in my life before... But this one couldn't even take the cake!
I carry a bar of soap in my pocket so when someone tries to talk to me I can pull it out and say someone is paging me and leave.
The HARDEST part about being a teenager? Probably having to sigh a second time when the first was too quiet.
You know those disgusting people who lick their fingers instead of using a napkin in public? Hi.
It's important to set goals. You don't have to accomplish them or anything like that. Just set them.
Wife: Tell me how many women you fucked during your 5 year trip. Husband: None! Wife: For every one that you tell me I'll give you a hundred dollars Husband: I don't need your 36000 dollars!
Me: You put the ""cow"" in ""coworker"" Her: Excuse me?? Me: It's a joke format. Her: I'm telling HR.. Me: Ok but I doubt they'll get it either.
I always keep a taser on me in case anyone asks if they can have one of my fries.
How do you recognize a feminist from a bunch of naked women? She's the one with the penis.....envy.
Why cant a bike stand up by itself? It's two tired.
Why is English such a hard language to learn? Because it's
New study reveals that women actually make better archaeologist. They're always digging up old shit.
What's In Hitlers Nose? Snotzies
What did the Japanese Journey covers band sing at the funeral? Don't stop, bereaving!
I witnessed a murder in the park last night and called 911 They told me to stop calling and leave the crows alone.
what do you call an italian whore? a pastatute lol
A comedian walks into a club and says the punchline.
I want to adopt two kids... ... with cancer, both named Jordan. I've always wanted a sick pair of Jordans.
In a few weeks the keys to the worlds most important office will be handed over to Donald Trump. There is absolutely nothing funny about that. Figured this sub was a perfect place to post this.
What the difference between /r/gonewild and /r/jokes? Not all the posts on /r/gonewild are about pussy, anal sex, blowjobs, and pedophilia. Seriously, /r/jokes, get your shit together
What do the NBA and the presidential election have in common? There's only two candidates, and nobody wants either of them to win!
My Grandfather died in a concetration camp. He fell out of a really tall guard tower. so sad r.i.p
My favourite exercise is a mix between lunge and crunch I like to call lunch.
What's the difference between an orange? One of them doesn't.
Why do Pokemon have eyes? So they can pikachu
IT routine is full of jokes What is suitable for the employer it's real pain in ass for the recruiter
Keep your friends close, your enemies closer, your pets in tupperware, your grandad in a crockpot and your mother in law in a ziplock bag.
Don't you just hate it when you can't go to someone's funeral Because that person is still alive?
Me: I'd like to adopt that baby. Clerk: Sir, that's a family sized platter of Super Nachos.
My biggest fear is that I'm holding my baby and a rapper asks me to put my hands in the air.
Why are mountains so funny? Because they are hill areas. I'll show myself out
Just came up with.. Q: How do pirates like their jigsaws? A: In pieces of eight.
What do you call sex with a burrito? Getting chipotlaid.
I know there's something wrong with my braille book... but I can't quite put my finger on it.
Just ate a bunch of vegetables instead of cheese. One of my children wasn't even observing me. This is the first sign of insanity, right?
I just don't understand kids. My kid says he wants to play heavy metal. So why's he so mad at me? I bought him one of the best tubas money can buy!
Nothing can destroy your good opinion of a company quicker than working for them.
So there I was at my favorite seafood restaurant having dinner, and I told David, my favorite waiter, that TONIGHT I wanted my fish exactly how I like my wife... ...""Battered it is, sir.""
My penis isn't small. It's ""artisanal.""
The ""Selfie"" sorority girls Gave there tickets to the less fortunate...I'm my book that makes them charitable women and not very selfie at all
It was a smart phone until I downloaded Twitter
I just found out why the literacy rate in Greece is among the lowest ...it's because everything they learn in school is Greek to them.
Why can't you have Christmas dinner in the EU? Because there is no Turkey
My son asked what it was like to be a parent so I begged him to make me chicken nuggets and then held on to his leg so he couldn't move.
Why do squirrels swim on their backs? To keep their nuts dry.
SO lame!!! My significant other is crippled.
TIFU by sleeping with my boss I should be getting a promotion any day now.
Got fired from the firedepartment Guess putting a sticker saying 'find em hot and leave em dripping' wasn't a good thing to put on our truck
What do you call an artist with a brown finger? Picasso
What train do you take to the synagogue? the jew jew tra
two fish are in a.... Two fish are in a tank. One says to the other, 'do you know how to drive this thing?'
Why did the fat girl cross the road? She wanted some chicken.
2 Scottish cows in a field: which one is on holiday? The one with the wee calf.
We all live in a yellow submarine... ...I really wish the bathroom was working right.
Who is an archaeologist? One whose career is in ruins.
Stupid Autocorrect you're always posting some thong you didn't Nintendo
Great move NASA, let's blast Will.I.Am's music into space. That will definitely let every alien nation know we are intelligent. Throw in some Beiber while your at it.
What do you call a rogue toaster? A rebel appliance.
What's the difference between a golfball and a woman's 'G' spot? A man will actually spend 20 minutes looking for a golfball... Alternative punchline: Man can actually hit a golfball...
I like my women the way I like my wine... 15 years old and locked in my cellar on a rack.
What do you get if you walk under a cow? A pat on the head.
What do you get when you cross and owl and a bungie cord? . . . . . . . . . . ...My ass
Money can't buy happiness, but neither can poverty, and money can buy a lot of other really cool stuff, so try to have some at all times.
Why did everyone invite mushroom to the party? Because he's a fungi.
Kids today will never know the joy of being selected to go outside to dust the erasers.
Why did the kid drop his ice cream? Because the bus hit him.
In art class I was told black was a shade not a color. That must mean black people aren't colored: they're shady.
What did Luke Skywalker get for his 16th birthday? A Toy-Yoda
I submitted ten puns to a pun contest to see which one would win.. No pun in ten did.
Meta I asked my friend "" you know what is the best type of joke? A meta joke.""
A Catholic priest walks into a bar he shits all over the floor. It's disgusting. Customers leave.
WELCOME TO GYM. [5gp] WOOD MUSCLE // [10gp] LEATHER MUSCLE // [50gp] IRON MUSCLE // [100gp] WISTFUL MUSCLE // [999gp] DESOLATION MUSCLE
Did you know that the new iPhone 5 helps people lose weight? When you pay for it you can't afford to eat for a month.
With all those 'thoughts and prayers' on Facebook it's amazing people are *still* dying.
Him: Will you marry me? Me: omg what did I do, why don't you want to have sex with me anymore?
Three men walk into a bar... One said ouch.
I like my beer, like I like my violence Domestic
Eighty seven percent of single people are single because they don't want to share their pizza with anyone.
My boss said to ""treat customers like you treat your mother"", so I haven't answered my phone in a month and I have 74 unheard voicemails.
I just got a tattoo of Ben Franklin on my dick Because my girlfriend knows how to blow a hundred bucks. (for our non-American friends, Ben Franklin's face is on the US $100 bill)
I won't forget what my Grandad said to me before he kicked the bucket. He said, ""Grandson... how far do you think I can kick this bucket?""
How do you sell a deaf guy a frog? DO YOU WANT TO BUY A FROG? rip.
INTERVIEWER: Would you like a donut? ME: *takes three* I: Um, ok, what's your greatest strength? ME: [grabbing two more donuts] Self-control
We all know you love your boyfriend, but we'd all appreciate it if you'd SHUT THE FUCK UP
Knock Knock Who's there ! Cartoon ! Cartoon who ? Cartoon up just fine she purrs like a cat !
Did you hear about the cow who gambled on an airplane? The steaks couldn't have been higher.
What fetish does winners hate the most? The feet
They opened a Tempura Shelter in my town It's for lightly battered women
Me: *gets on scale* 5yo: Whoa! That's a lot of points!
What's the difference between a Russian Potato and a U.S. Potato? The U.S. potato can still compete in the Special Olympics.
Why wasn't Hitler invited to the BBQ? He always burns the franks.
What did the priest get at Toys R Us? An erection.
Why do programmers confuse Halloween with Christmas? Because 31 OCT = 25 DEC.
I've started 2016 with a goal of losing 20 pounds... Seems like I've lost more, my ATM is empty
How did Helen Keller discover masturbation? Trying to read her own lips.
Why Was The Canvas Maker Late Home From Work? He had to close a sail
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for the fresh prints
What is white on top and black on the bottom? Society
A man enters zoo enclosure to feed the tigers. succeeds
Who has two thumbs and a concealed identity? Disguise!
Knock Knock Who's there ! Belize ! Belize who ? Belize yourself then !
Walk up to the guy with a popped collar and spiked hair & say ""What's up, Chad?"" & he'll be all ""Whoa... How'd you know my name, bro?""
If the fortune has turned her back on you, you can do whatever you want behind her back.
childrens alphabet books are the only thing keeping us from forgetting what a xylophone is
It's crazy people freak out about ghosts but are totally fine with actual, horrible human beings.
Whoever got my Steam account for Christmas plz realize those Japanese dress up games are for research only, I don't enjoy them. Plz understa
What type of music do people listen to in the grasslands? [Shrub-steppe.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shrub-steppe)
I forgot to buy baking paper Looks like my cooking will be foiled again...
Celebrating National Sex Day the only way I know how Not having it.
I found a website with guaranteed real virgins [NSFW] www.reddit.com
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs!
*Fakes Phone Call* ""Yes a thousand doves please....well give me pigeons and i can paint them white"" (cups hand over phone) ""I plan weddings""
Does anyone know how to change the batteries in a dead kitten? Please help.
Is there something called ""Your mama so foreign...""-jokes? Please share if you have any, no rules O.o
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs.
Why didn't the piglets listen to the teacher pig? Because he was an old boar.
My sex change from male to female My sex change operation from male to female went really well yesterday. It was so successful, I'm still trying to reverse out the fucking hospital car park!
When the hostess at the restaurant says ""table for two?"", I always like to look surprised and whisper ""you can see her too?"".
Why do Apes like tall buildings? They want to climb the heights of the business world!
Little Johnny & the Devil A Sunday school teacher asked Little Johnny, ""Do you believe in the Devil?"" ""No" said Little Johnny. ""It's the same as Santa Claus. I know it's my daddy.""
Sometimes I pretend my hoodie sleeves are elephant trunks. My vote counts just as much as yours
Yo mama so stupid that..... she tried to stop the cold war with a heater.
Sean Connery walks into a bar. He says ""I'd like a single shot."" The bartender says ""That's a good idea because if you had the chickenpox, the virus is already in you.""
Why do vultures hate flying? Because they have to pay extra for Carrion! Budum tsssss
If I went back in time I'd tell myself... ""Don't wait until 29 to become a stripper. You get to be naked, drunk and get paid for it!""
*waits until a bird falls asleep, quietly creeps beside it's nest* HELLO HELLO HELLO HELLO HELLO ARE YOU AWAKE!?!! HOW DO YOU LIKE THIS!?!
Knock knock Who's there? Dishes. Dishes who? Dishes your cuzin, let me in.
when i was a kid my father caught me wearing a ponytail so he sat me down and made me eat an entire steven seagal movie
Soviet Russia In Soviet Russia, Turkey shoots you!
FIANCE: where should we go on our honeymoon ME (after hearing there's a charizard hidden at mt rushmore): how do you feel about south dakota
What did one suicide bomber say to the next? Nothing, he just waved. #punchlinesthatdontwork
And that, Romeo, is why we usually try to take a pulse first.
Not to nitpick, Kay Jewelers, but ""every kiss"" TECHNICALLY begins with an African diamond miner having his hand cut-off
Now that I'm playing Pokemon Go I don't need a girlfriend anymore... The servers go down on me all the time.
Q: Four Dallas Cowboys in a car who's driving? A: The police.
What do you call a small dog that can store food? Pupperware
You have a man, woman and douchebag who walk into a bar and order a triple shot... ...and Caitlyn Jenner takes it to the face !
Knock knock... A: Knock, knock! B: Who's there? A: The Interrupting Cow. B: The Interrupt-- A: MOOOOOOOO!!
All I have is blood on my hands now. Papercut
Facebook is telling me to ""reconnect"" with my brother...hmmm, I see him everyday
- Michelle, we must break up... - Oh, I'll kill myself! - That's a nice bonus. Thank you!
Apparently dogs can die if they eat a lot of chocolate. I wish I had a delicious way to kill myself.
I cried because my Wi-Fi was slow until I saw a guy stuck talking with his kids because he had no internet at all.
When I jerk off I'm not a fancy restaurant about it, I'm more like McDonalds Fast, easy, and you don't have to get out of the car
I just bought a book from Apple The beginning was iOpening
""I need a lady in a sheet who is not permitted out in the streets."" -Taliban man looking for love
If hillary wins, trump supporters can at least take solice in 1 fact. Bill clinton is going to be the first lady.
What does it mean to come home to a man who'll  give you some love and tenderness? You're in the wrong house.
What's the difference between virgin olive oil and regular olive oil? Popeye's knob.
How long does guacamole last in the fridge? Please say a year.
Today is the last Cinco De Mayo If Trump wins the election
If my blood type is A+, can I use that for my GPA? Also how many credit hours does it count as?
Why isn't there democracy in North Korea? Because everytime they try to pronounce ""election"" everyone starts to giggle
Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection, except one. He's never gonna give you up.
What does a quantum physicist tell their toddler who keeps asking ""Why"" over and over? ""Because I saw so.""
What do you call 6.02x10^23 avocados? Guaca-mole
What is something we all lost? The Game
If I've learned one thing from watching horror movies, it's if you buy snacks from vending machines, you will die.
If you were a tree you'd be a bonsai, and if you were mine you'd be dead by now.
So your face, is it permanently like that or are you genuinely surprised every time you take a selfie?
What would Caitlyn Jenner need to do if she changed her mind about being a woman? She would need to reJennerate some balls. What does Caitlyn Jenner do before she goes out? Bruce's up for the evening.
If my friends and I torrent in Jamaica Does that make us Pirates of the Caribbean?
A carpenter's workshop's light went out To find his way around, he picked up his hammer and saw.
What's India's most popular dating service? Connect the Dots.
Damn girl are you community college? Because you pretty much just let anyone in.
What do comedians do when they get tired of doing standup comedy? Sitcoms
How do you say doormat in Spanish? Matador
I've matured a lot. For example, I used to listen to Fall Out Boy and break stuff, but now I listen to Mozart and break stuff
What's bloody and painful and happens once a month? Flossing
I went to the Air and Space Museum It wasn't as empty as I thought it'd be.
Why were Jeremy Clarkson's colleagues excited to try his mulled wine? Because they'd been floored by his punch.
Funny knock knock jokes to use during sex. Keep it going. Knock knock... whos there?... sperm! :D
Why was Civil Disobedience such a good essay? Thoreau editing.
""Why don't you ever see elephants hiding in trees? "" Because they're really good at it
starbucks is like a hooker... one on every corner and money upfront before they scream your name
Two jokes walk into a bar... Where's the punchline?
Kryptonite has been found to contain trace elements of Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks to the face. This is why it is so deadly to Superman.
Now that it's 2017 I can finally make this joke! I haven't showered since last year! Hahaha
Why is the retirement center nicknamed ""the garden""? Because it is full of vegetables.
Police officer: ""Can you identify yourself, sir?"" Driver pulls out his mirror and says: ""Yes, it's me""
The economy is so bad....
How many dicks can Kim Jong-Un suck at once? He chooses to keeps that information secret.
I heard they banned phones now in China Apparently there is so many Wings and so many Wongs they keep Winging the Wong number.
Did you hear about the agnostic, dyslexic, insomniac? He stays up at night wondering if there really is a dog.
I said to the gym instructor: ""Can you teach me to do the splits?"" He said: ""How flexible are you?"" I said: ""I can't make Tuesdays.""
So Saudi Arabia Was Elected Head Of The Human Rights Panel...
[crumpled up paper on floor] *tries to flip it up like hacky sack* *tries to flip it up...* *tries to flip...* *tries...* *leaves it*
Four year olds can't even go for cigarettes or anything. Four year olds are useless.
What do you call a drunk dinosaur? A Staggersaurus.
What do you call a teacher who's always late? Mr Bus
She blew her only chance of ever being with me And we're still together after all these years
What is blue and lies by the seabed? Probably not a planned child.
How is American beer like having sex in a canoe? Because it's fucking close to water.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear? denimdenimdenim
I SCREAM, YOU SCREAM, WE ALL SCREAM, BECAUSE GRANDPA FORGOT TO WEAR HIS HEARING AIDS AGAIN!
How can you tell if you have a high sperm count? Your girl has to chew before she swallows.
If laughing is good for you because you use 15 muscles, think how healthy you'll be if you're breaking a chair on someone's head every day.
What's the problem with Java jokes? They have no *class*.
I'm getting sick of eating airline food all the time Said the Malaysian shark.
Did you hear about the Irish man who tried to blow up a bus? He burnt his lips on the exhaust pipe.
Why was the cemetery plot salesman upset? Business was dead.
WTF VAMPIRE BATS WILL VOMIT BLOOD INTO MOUTHS OF SICK BATS 2 KEEP THEM ALIVE THATS DOPE AF & STILL A BETTER LOVESTORY THAN TWILIGHT
What did the Jewish pedophile say to the kid? Would you like to buy some candy?
Women used to call me ugly until they heard how much money I have Now they call me ugly and poor. (Heard a long time ago, couldn't find source)
What does having sex in a canoe and drinking light beer have in common. Either way you're fucking close to water.
Art thief. Did you hear about the discerning art thief who burgled the Impressionist exhibit? He was in it for the Monet.
If ISIS is destroyed... ... Will they be known as WASWAS?
Joke: What does it imply when a tick is found on a vagina? That you may have to pull out. Just wanted to ask whether this is a keeper.
Wait, so pooping on the entire rim of a toilet, closing the seat over it, and calling it a ""Devil's Oreo"" ISN'T a thing?
How do you make an Chocolat omelette? With Easter eggs.
What do you call a guy with no shins? Tony..... toe knee
I tried explaining sarcasm to some kleptomaniacs but they always take things literally.
I was in a cab today and the cab driver said... ""I love my job, I'm my own boss. Nobody tells me what to do."" Then I said, ""Turn left.""
What did airport security tell the Dentist? We need to give you a cavity search
Bragging about how much you receive in alimony only demonstrates how much someone was willing to pay to get rid of you.
How can you teach your child about adversity if you don't leave a diaper unchanged once in a while?
Bank robbers give a bad name to people who just want to deposit their check with a mask on.
Someone invented a yoga mat that rolls itself. If that person reads this tweet, I have a fitted sheet I'd like for you to look at.
Drinking light beer is like having sex in a canoe... ... fucking near water
*at a funeral* haha. they should have provided SOUL food, lol. *nudges crying lady next to me* hey. they should have had SOUL food here haha
Why did Yewtree arrest the husband-to-be at the celebrity wedding of the year? They wanted to make sure he'd never been a groom.
[Water cooler] -Looks like you had a wild weekend! How'd you get the scratches? *flash back to me bathing my cat* -Uh, this chick bro. Yeah.
Did ya' hear about the bear that tried to fly from British Columbia to New York? They wouldn't let him bring his carrion. Sorry.
So this guy is making a construction joke... But he's still working on it.
Satan: Welcome to hell! You can spend all eternity walking barefoot across legos OR you can wear these crocs. Me: NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Halloween ... The agoraphobic paedophiles favourite day of the year.
I'm a pretty neutral guy. I find it hard to choose sides. I mean, I have an uncle who drives a truck for Pepsi and a cousin who sucks dick for coke.
Q: How many Capricorns does it take to change a  lightbulb? A: I don't waste my time with these childish jokes.
What do birds order when they go to Starbucks? Flappaccinos.
What do you call a sheep with no legs ? A cloud.
Why did the raisin go to the police? Because, he was a grape victim.
Why are there so few Christians on 4chan? Because religious people don't like faggots
Have you ever seen the movie called ""Constipated""? Well it never came out.
Here's a joke I saw on the internet recently that I think we can all relate to http://i.imgur.com/ijAmlhi.png
Two blondes fell down a hole. One said, ""It's dark in here isn't it?"" The other replied, ""I don't know
Penis It's an insideher joke
What did the Buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison.
I took my wife to the Planetarium. She was shocked to learn that she is not the center of the universe.
Abra abracadabra. I wanna reach out and stab ya.
""The total cost would be " said the funeral director. ""And that includes digging the grave."" ""Is that the whole thing?"" I asked. He replied, ""Yes, that's the hole thing.""
I asked my Ouija board when I was going to get a girlfriend and it spelled out HAHAHAHAHA until it caught fire.
If love is blind why is Lingerie so  popular?
What do you call a bagel that can fly? a plain bagel.
Want to hear a joke? Tess Holliday.
If I could, I'd wear plaid every day. But I feel as though doing that would cross several lines.
Fat chicks don't get wet..... They get greasy
A man went to the zoo. All they had to exhibit was a dog. It was a shih tzu.
Got in a fight about the Treaty of Versailles. I said the German fines were too punitive
Is your name Jingle Bells, cause you look like you go all the way
How do you sink a French battleship? Put it in water.
What do you call an Italian man with Parkinson's? A stutterer.
What sport does the kool-aid man play? Baseball
My family thinks I don't get jokes But I'm actually great at them!
[sees someone use multiple contradictory excuses to compel faith-based behavior] perhaps i can reason you out of this using history and laws
'Vegetarians' don't eat meat. 'Vegans' also don't eat eggs, milk or cheese. The final step is to just stand there +pretend to be a tree.
Why did the redneck cross the road? To get to the oth-TONY STEWART
Did you hear about Taco Bell's new sauce? It's picked-out daily south of the border.
""Look slightly worried."" - picture advice from The Singer/Songwriter's Handbook
If I got $1 every time a woman said I was't her type, I could lead in the Republican Primary polls.
What do gay zombies say? Heeeeyyyyrrrrrrraaarrrrrgggggg.
I offended someone with a joke about molestation. I forgot it's a touchy subject.
*interrupts dinner ""IS THAT CLOCK REALLY YOUR GRANDFATHER!?""
""Vodka martini. Shaken not stirred."" ""So just the normal way you make a martini then?"" ""That's right.""
If my teachers don't become Ms. Frizzle anytime soon, I will just keep not paying attention.
Q: Why did the blonde keep ice cubes in the freezer? A: So she could keep the refrigerator cold.
I've never considered myself a social butterfly. More like a social wasp. People run away a lot.
If two wrongs do not make a right, What do two rights make? An airplane! haha Wright brothers :-) I made this joke when I was in Junior high
""A cantaloupe is an antelope that doesn't.""
Lady beavers call their vaginas, ""people""
Why did the groom ask his bride to wear white? Because he wanted his dishwasher to match the fridge and stove
What did the banker say to the tongue when he rejected his loan application? There's no accounting for taste.
What's the difference between jam and jelly I can't jam my cock up your ass
I can either be on time or wearing pants. Pick one.
What do dead kids and jokes about dead kids have in common? They never get old.
Civil war jokes? I General Lee don't find them funny.
How many non-binary gender-fluent people does it take to change an LED lightbulb? DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY LIGHTBULB?
me: did you know beethoven was deaf date: the dog? me: of course the dog
I went for sushi with Luke Skywalker and he was struggling with chopsticks... ""Use the fork, Luke!"" I said.
2 dudes Came here to tell a gay joke, Butt fuck it.
People who genetically engineer food, why don't you make celery that tastes like Reese's Peanut Butter Cups? I bet that would shut people up
What do Swedish people put in their coffee? Artifical Swedeners
How do you know if a homeless person has a girlfriend? His clean fingers.
Why aren't these people with Ebola doing the ice bucket challenge? Don't they want to get better?
[office] BUSINESS SNAKE: [dictating a letter] SECRETARY: [just hammering the S key]
How can you tell if your wife is dead The sex is the same but the dishes start to pile up.
If an apple a day keeps the doctor away what does an onion do? Keeps everyone away.
Silly Rabbit, Trix are for a culture of entitled white American children who are systematically fed a diet of high fructose corn syrup.
What do you call the Pope after he's resigned? Ex-Benedict.
What's the Biggest Jobs Killer in the United States? Pancreatic cancer.
If Jesus died for our sin... Who died for our cos and tan?
In hell, your mouth is always freshly brushed & minty, and all they have to drink is orange juice.
I can tell within seconds of meeting someone if they'd be annoying on a group email.
Sex so bad, Taylor Swift breaks up with you and doesn't even write a song about it.
I got my first blow job today It sucked
?When the moon hits your eye? You'll be killed. It's massive.
What happens on Santa's lap.......stays on Santa's lap.
Someone drew a swastika on The Trump Tower The police aren't sure if it's a supporter, or a hater.
There are two fish in a tank... ...one is driving, the other one is operating the guns
Men Vs Women Women want many things from one Man Whereas, Men want one thing from many Women..!!
College My son took Rock Climbing in college but he had to drop the class. He couldn't find any ""Cliff Notes.""
What mustache can an alien not pull off? A human chu
What not to do on a first date: ask what gender they are.
Somebody PLEASE come to my house and plug the power cord into my laptop.
i am developing a ground brekaing new app called ""MOneyWallet"", where you earn ""Money Points"" by mailing cash to my house
Clinton still leads Trump by 2! FBI Investigations.
I once dated a girl so my pet rock wouldn't be embarrassed after he threw himself at her window.
Kanye running for president in 2020
I haven't slept for three days, because that would be too long.
Why do GPSes work really well in Washington state? There are lots of Seattleites there!
What is the difference between a pack of pygmies and a girls track team? The pack of pygmies is a bunch of cunning runts.
The U.S Election is Kind of Like an Attractive Bisexual Because whether they go with a man or a woman, you know they're fucked.
How was copper wire invented? A Dutchman and a Scotsman fighting over a penny.
How did Jeffrey Dahmer make alphabet soup? With 26 characters he met at a party.
Spilled my bottle of sleeping pills, and now they're wide awake.
a car just rolled by blasting the ""Duck Tales"" theme song so now I'm chasing after it and trying to catch up with my new best friend
I got charged for a satellite dish the other day... I was furious. He told me it'd be on the house.
How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat? When she fits in your wife's clothes.
what do Little Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common? Kurds in the way
I have a good joke... My grades.
Two peanuts walk out of a bar one was assaulted( a salted)......peanut
The Pen is mightier than the sword... Cuz, you know, you can't draw dicks on faces with swords.
Me: You ask so many questions that I want to stab a fork in my eye. Her: Why? Me: *stabs fork into eye*
Went out with a blind girl last night A blind girl was jerking me off last night, and told me I had the biggest dick she's ever felt. I told her she was pulling my leg.
Looking for jokes that will make a girl laugh I like this girl and I hear she likes hearing jokes. I need the funniest jokes that will make her laugh.
[Flight Attendant]: Would you like some headphones? [Passenger]: Yes please, but how'd you know my name was Phones?
Only mass transit kids will get this! We rank the top rails, the third one will shock you!
My friend told me what the Mile High Club was the other day But honestly, I don't give a flying fuck.
I would walk over Lego's for you.
Acid... The taste you can see!
Some girl wanted me to take her to see 50 Shades of Grey... So I took her to Sherwin-Williams.
Meteorologist - Be horrible at you job and no one really cares. Pizza Delivery Driver - Be five minutes late and people lose their minds!
If you're not supposed to drink shampoo why do they make it in such pretty colors?
Why can't you lie to an aborted fetus? It wasn't born yesterday.
Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis found in contempt of court and taken into custody... ...making it the first time a public sector employee has gotten in trouble for not doing their job.
Some people are about as useful as the ""r"" in February.
What's the difference between a seal and a sealion? An electron
Going to sleep: It's so cold in here, I'm totally wearing these socks to bed Middle of the night: GET THESE DEVIL FOOT GLOVES OFF ME
I'am drinking with my new GF and her gay friend from work. So there's 100% chance I'am getting laid and a 50% chance I'll like it.
I went to a feminist picnic the other day It sucked. No one cooked or made any sandwiches.
What has four legs and goes ""Oom! Oom!""? A cow walking backwards!
Fox Mulder, age 6: *looks under pillow* MOM! IT DISAPPEARED! Mom: the Tooth Fairy took it, dear Fox: you mean... the tooth is out there?
I wonder if the username ""That Cab"" is free, cause a lot of people would want to follow ""That Cab""
Apparently Michael Jackson was also a gifted baseball player. He was big in the minors.
Light a man a fire... Light a man a fire and he'll be warm for the night. Light a man afire and he'll be warm the rest of his life. (I know it's a repost, but I've never seen the play on words, shame)
I didn't take my husband's name when I got married. I figured it'd be confusing if we were both called Keith.
What did the welshman do... ...when his girlfriend asked him how many sexual partners he'd had? Fell Asleep
What do you call dirt? Dirty.
googling ways to dispose of a body,mostly to freak out the douche behind me who keeps staring at my laptop screen
But let's get real here guys I mean who exactly are we kidding ? A husband controls his wife in much the same manner as a barometer controls the weather.
Breaking News: United States is now the largest producer of salt. So Salty...
There should be bongs and blunts at viewings in funeral homes... A true wake and bake.
Why did Hitler have a thing for men from Hungary? Because they are Hung Arian's
How do you know that the Invisible Man doesn't have any children? Because he's not apparent.
Why did Jon Snow go to The Apple Store? For the Watch.
10th anniversary So my girlfriends dad just accused me of pedophilia, she is 18 and I am 32. It ruined our 10th anniversary
What Do You Call Giving a Dutch Guy a Gun? Armin Van Buren.
[whole foods] WHITE GIRL: excus me do u hav pumpkin EMPLOYEE: (hands her a pumpkin) here WHITE GIRL: no no no. PUMPKIN. its a type of spice
Why could nobody win a dance off at the annual African American ball? Because it was a black tie event
My best friend keeps bagging me for being a virgin I haven't got the courage to tell him I slept with his sister.
My mind is a micro-government, fighting wars of its own creation for profit.
Randomly print things to give your co-workers the impression you're working.
What would George Washington do if he were alive today? Scream and scratch at the top of his coffin.
college is a lot like kindergarten except instead of going to school im smoking weed in my dorm at 1 pm
What is the difference between Batman and a black man? Batman can go into a convenience store without Robin.
What did the car-painter say to the carpenter? ""You sound just like me!""
Last night my wife said that our bed had seen better days. She's right. When she stopped at her mum's last week, I had a threesome in it on Monday and Tuesday.
Why are women like KFC? After you've finished with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
A friend of mine died late last night I woke up in mourning.
Are news anchors secretly insulting you? Moron this story at 11.
Teacher: Who fought in the Civil War? Millennial student: Captain America and Iron Man. T: ....
Where should we look to stem global overpopulation? The youth in Asia.....
My headphones stopped working before the warranty... I'm taking them to cord over this!
A group of protesters gather outside a physics lab ""What do we want?"" ""Time travel"" ""When do we want it?"" ""Irrelevant""
i always wear this epi pen its rly special. my friend gave it to me literally as he was dying it seemed very important to him that i have it
Last month, I asked my dad if I could get a tattoo. He told me to get it somewhere that didn't matter, so I got it done in Oklahoma.
What did the redneck get on his SATs? Barbecue sauce.
What's the last thing that goes through a bugs mind when he hits a windshield? His ass.
what fandom, despite only 1 book in the franchise, has been obsesing over it since the begeinning? christianity
911: What's your emergency? Me: Whatcha dooooin'? 911: Sir, are you in danger? Me: *giggles* You're always so worried, but I'm fine, silly
Patient (to cosmetic surgeon): Will it hurt me doctor? Surgeon: Only when you get my bill Mrs Brown.
If anyone wants a tiger let me know. I bought one but he's being a d-bag and won't wear the matching sunglasses I bought us.
GOD: there, my first animal :) SNAKE:youre not done right? How am I supposed to move? G:like this*shimmies* S: G:just kinda*shimmies* S:dude
The word ""defenestration"" means ""to throw someone out a window."" Which means this happens so often we needed a word for it.
I smoked before going to the dentist & didn't know they would let me have laughing gas &watch Netflix Im cross faded af having the best time
How often do you use algebra? Equationally.
Can I use cash to pay for a new electric car? No, you have to charge it.
""Man, I did so much shit today"" *throws away diaper
Almost yelled ""F.U."" at another driver, but the kid was in the car. So I yelled, ""I'm dedicated to customer service."" Just like airlines do.
What does an Indian man get when he works out? Sikh gains. I made this up too! Although this joke has probably been said before
If quizzes are quizzical, what are tests?
[on a date] *showing her pics of my pet lizards* ME: ""and I named this one Queen Elizardbeth"" HER: ""I must have sex with you immediately""
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon player? Ash.
[Request] Easy to remember jokes that can be told at a bar even after a few I was wondering if there were some easy to remember, or just good jokes that could be told at a bar.
What kind of mint is the hardest to swallow? Abandonment.
What do you call an Italian guy whos afraid of cheese? Alfredo
50 ft ladder. John: ""Shit, I just fell off a 50 ft ladder."" Adam: ""Oh no, are you okay?"" John: ""Yeah it's a good thing I fell off the first step.""
When asked by the creepy guy at the bar ""Why aren't you smiling?"" my go-to answer is always ""My yeast infection really is bubbling up.""
Q: How many Arians does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None: Arians aren't afraid of the dark.
Knock knock ""Who's there?""   ""Deja""    ""Deja who?""   ""Yeah, it's me again. I left my purse!""
My friend came up to me He said, ""Can you ever remember a time where you removed a wig?"" I said, ""Not off the top of my head.""
Did you hear about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines...
A wife is like a box of chocolates, you never know which of her multiple moods you're going to get, you just better act like you love it.
nurse: ""if youre going to give grapes to a baby make sure you cut them in half"" me: [visibly confused] wife: ""the grapes keith not the baby""
What do you call a rooster who wakes you up at the same time every morning ? An alarm cluck !
What type of overalls did Mario wear? Denim Denim Denim......
A Buddhist Monk visits a hot dog stand in New York and says ""make me one with everything"".
If you send Joseph Gordon-Levitt a script that doesn't say ""skinny tie"" on the first page, he gets so mad he has to write four ukulele songs
If Turkey was attacked from the rear Would Greece help?
My doctor is always whispering to me something about not sticking Q tips in my ears. I need a louder doctor
There are two types of countries in the world.... Those who use the metric system, and those who have a successful space program.
All of the countries in the world run a race. Who wins? Finland. He's the first to Finnish.
How do you start an Ethiopian rave? Staple some food to the ceiling.
Men are like cement. After getting laid they take a long time to get hard.
What does Matthew McConaughey think about an all white, Republican Government? Altright, altright, altright
""We need a solid plan to defeat ISIS."" Galaxy Note 7: I have an idea
What's a mathematicians favourite plant? Any that has a square root!
Which is heavier: a ton of feathers or a ton of bricks? Depends on which weigh you think about it
Legend has it the ""M"" in MTV once stood for music.
I swear to god, the next car that cuts me off will be driving in front of me.
What's innuendo? It's Italian for ""suppository"".
Nobody really dates anymore. You just make eye contact, text, hang out, and next thing you know all her clothes are in your closet....
How many emo kids does it take to change a lightbulb? Five. Four to sit in the dark and cry about it and one to write the song.
What are mixed feelings? Watching your mother-in-law backing up towards the edge of a cliff in your new BMW.
9 out of 10 Chinese Doctor Have Cataracts... the 10th drives a Rincoln
Did you hear about all the Pokemon that died in the fire? All that was left was Ash
Ambulance is spelled backwards on the front so when you look in your rearview mirror you don't confuse it with the other giant siren cubes.
I'm still not a member of Jem and the Holograms and that is truly truly truly outrageous.
This one time, I cried, when my dad chopped up Onions. I loved Onions, she was such a nice, sweet, little puppy
Q: Why did the brain cell go to the other side of the brain? A: I don't know. It hadn't really crossed my mind.
When I grow up, I want to spend 1/3 of my life sleeping, 1/3 staring at a computer in a tiny cubicle and 1/3 hating myself. (realistic kid)
""Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free. Unless they're darker than, say, beige.""- Statue of Liberty.
What do you call the angel in charge of hydroelectrics? A God dam engineer.
On your deathbed tell everyone ""pray for me"" then make sure to leave a note to be opened after you die that says ""pray harder next time""
What is the main reason people are voting for Brexit? When asked if they want to be economically joined with Greece, all they can say is ""eeeeuuuuuuu""
Why couldn't the Gorilla pitcher make it in the major leagues? His balk was worse than his bite!
I like to sneak into people's houses and masturbate in their livingroom. ...so far no ones heard me cumming.
[NSFW]What does a woman, fridge and washing machine all have in common? They all drip when they're fucked.
If Adele were a computer, what would she be? a computer.
Too many freaks, not enough circuses.
China has a population of a billion people. One billion. That means, Even if you're a one in a million kind of guy, there are still a thousand others exactly like you.
How many friend-zoned guys does it take to change a light bulb? None, they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.
TIL the USS Colorado made nearly 12,000 career dives during WWII- significantly more than most modern submarines- and sunk the last Japanese warship of the war! Sorry, wrong sub :(
life is just a series of people giving up on you til your body gives up too but yeah sure, I'll bring my famous guacamole to the baby shower
There are days & nights where I'm surrounded by profound Darkness, followed by a realisation that I need to stop wearing shades in my house.
When my grandad was 75 he started walking 5 miles a day. He's 80 now and no one knows where the hell he is!
Don't ever look away from a police officer. Just stare him down. You don't wanna look suspicious.
What's the difference between a gorilla and an Italian in the bathtub? The gorilla gets out to shit.
Whats brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre
Does syria have any walmarts? No, only targets.
Three guys are on a boat with four cigarettes, but they don't have any matches or lighters. What do they do? They throw one cigarette overboard and the entire boat becomes a cigarette lighter.
""Will.he.was"" -Will.i.am's tombstone
My grandmother would roll over. My grandmother would roll over in her trench if she knew how much I spent on her funeral.
Kid: Are you the babysitter? Sting: Yes. Every breath you take. Every step you take. I'll be watching you. It'll be fun! Kid: *horrified*
Chuck Norris is not Politically Correct. He is just Correct. Always.
""ok start it up"" tktktk-puh-buurup-chk-a-chk ""give it some gas"" ss-ss-icka-icka-grrawh-pshhhh any ideas? ""I can't hear over you beatboxing""
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms? Ones a Goodyear
Marijuana? More like MOURNrijuana, because you're parents will have to go to your funeral if you try it. #no
How many black people does it take to change a lightbulb? You will find out when the light comes on.
What would you call a superhero with Down's Syndrome? Ultra Downy
Where do suicide bombers go when they die? EVERYWHERE
What is an inconvenient truth with music? Algorithm.
My best friend just ask me to be her maid of honor. What did I ever do to her???
I think the best thing about being a house wife is that you would get to be married to a house!
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles! Courtesy of Ben Morehead of the Goulet Pen team.
Another normal evening Cook food - 30 minutes Eat it - 5 minutes Check Facebook - 1 minute Check Twitter - 8 hours
I've been charged with murder for killing a man with sandpaper. To be honest I only intended to rough him up a bit.
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand? Quatro cinqo. EDIT: Yeah, I take French, not Spanish. :)
Am I capable of premeditated murder? Your honor, I've been planning my cheat day for two weeks.
It's Facebook's 10th birthday today. Let's all click ""Maybe"" on the event invite and then not show up.
An opinion without 3.14 Is just an onion... DEEP
I saw this really fit girl in the nightclub last night and she was wearing a chessboard patterned shirt..... So, I made a move on her.
They say one in every four men is gay, so there must be one in my group of friends. I hope it's Michael - he's super cute.
Have decided Twitter is like a good grandma. Makes dirty jokes, complains a lot, corrects your grammar, tells you who has died.
Did you hear about the neutron who was arrested? He was held without charge.
My grandma can hold her breath for over fourteen years!
""Hey, enough with the damn songs! We're all studying for finals."" -rest of the school on Glee
I just had a coughing fit and think I accidently created a Nicki Minaj song featuring Ke$ha. Sorry, you guys.
How do you buy hair? You have toupee
The priest said that the demon really wants to leave, but I'm way too clingy, so the exorcism didn't work.
Madonna falls off stage apparently she was supposed to untie her cape so that her dancers could rip it off her. i guess madonna is not as good at pulling things off as she used to be.
Last night, I got in touch with my inner self... That's the last time buying cheap toilet paper.
Texans can't comprehend vegans. We just think their barbeque grills are broken.
I redid my fence yesterday. It needed to be reposted.
How many optometrists does it take to change a lightbulb? One or two? One.. ..Or two?
Why did the military name it's new drone system ""Caitlyn Jenner""? Because it's unmanned
Why can't Jesus eat M&amp
A kleptomaniac in a bakery really takes the cake
What's a Vikings favourite dance? The Loki cokey.
Pamela Anderson What do you call the space between Pamela Anderson's breasts? Answer: Silicon Valley. Just heard this one today and wanted to share. Don't know if this is gonna be a repost.
nothing is more unattractive than insecurity unless that doesnt sound right haha i mean whatever you guys think
Who's the healthiest member of the Army? General Wellbeing
I've never had a beard before this one and I didnt like it at first. But its really growing on me.
Don't sleep with politicians. They all have aides.
Mention me in your will. Just give me a shout out or something.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on an airplane. The airplane crashes. Who survives? America.
I got married to an antenna... The wedding was ok, but the reception was awesome!
So glad I don't subtweet like SOME PEOPLE.
WIFE: please come out of there so we can talk ME: [from cardboard box] i'm sorry come out of where? WIFE: [sigh] please exit the spacecraft
How does the moon cut its hair? Eclipse it. Ha.
ALL THE JADED LADIES all the jaded ladies ALL THE JADED LADIES all the jaded ladies
Why did little Suzy fall off the swing? ~Why? -Because she had no arms ... -Knock knock ~Who's there? -Well, it sure as shit isn't little Suzy
CASHIER: [over PA] produce manager to the front pleas- *scuffle noises* ME: IF YOU SELL LETTUCE HEADS WHERE get off me WHERE ARE THE BODIES?
*Speed Dating* Me: What'd you have for lunch? Her: Funny you should ask, I had this really great salad wit... Me: NEXT!!
I went into a haunted house today. All the ghosts ejaculated on my face. It was a bookkake.
What do you call a snobby criminal going down the stairs? A condescending con descending.
According to my mate 3 genders exist. Female Male And mental illness
Yesterday my doctor told me I needed to stop masturbating. I asked, ""Why is that, doc?"" He replied, ""I'm trying to examine you.""
Eric Clapton So over the years Eric Clapton has developed an aversion to Microsoft and prefers to use hardware made my by Apple instead. Why? Simply because Windows killed his child.
Why did the bicycle fall over? it was too tired!
What emits a monochromatic beam of salty snack food? Frito Layser.
Did you hear about corduroy pillows? They are making head lines everywhere
A gaggle of geese. A murder of crows. A nope of laundry.
""God"" not mentioned in Democratic platform means they don't worship God. ""Money"" mentioned eleven times in Republican platform.
I had a best friend who wore a gorilla suit everywhere... he was my prime-mate.
Chuck Norris was bitten by a snake After several day of agonising pain, the snake finally died.
How many quarters does it take to play the Lord of the rings pinball game? None, it only takes Tolkiens
What's black, white and red all over? A nun in a blender
What's Dr. Dre's favorite vegetable? Beets.
i remember most of the fatalities from mortal kombat 2 but i can never remember which knob turns on my windshield wipers
My local's rough as anything. I went to the pub quiz the other night-First question was What the f*ck are you looking at?
I told my neighbor with a cute daughter this joke today and it's killing him. Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet? Because they spend years at 'C'
PILOT OVER INTERCOM: I have some bad news, but before I tell you, keep in mind that the Wright bros could only stay airborne for 12 seconds
My Bestie just got banned from Taco Bell. I cannot wait to hear this story. I have given table dances at Taco Bell and not got kicked out.
There was a piece of cake in the fridge with a note on it that said, ""Don't eat me."" Now there's an empty plate and a note, ""I don't take orders from a cake.""
Son - ""Mom, don't get scared but I'm calling you from the hospital..."" Mom - ""Son you've been a doctor for 4 years, and you still go on with that shit.""
Two peanuts walk into an elevator One was Ray Rice and the other was assaulted.
Never ask someone to promise they'll never hurt you, because at one time or another they will. Ask them to promise that the time you spent together will be worth the pain in the end.
How many PETA memebers does it take to change a light bulb? None. PETA can't change anything.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense? I'll tell you tomorrow.
Why don't melons ever run away and get married? Because they cantaloupe!
If 2016 had a twitter account it should have one of those ""If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best"" bios Because 2016 is a crazy bitch
Can you spell eighty in two letters? A-T.
I wish there was some sort of idiom to describe how easily I just took that lollipop from that infant.
I'm sick and tired of people telling me to turn off lights to save the environment. I tried it once and I killed a cyclist.
What did the French philosopher say to the vegetable playing poker? All in, du thyme
A patient came to his dentist with problems with his teeth. Patient: Doctor I have yellow teeth what do I do? Dentist: Wear a brown tie!
""So tell me more about yourse-PUT DOWN MY FRIES IF YOU WANT TO WALK OUT OF HERE WITH ALL 4 LIMBS INTACT."" - What not to say on a first date.
I saw a blind man walking down the street one morning... I saw a blind man walking down the street one morning and as he passes by a fish market, he shouts ""Good morning ladies!!!""
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant.
Yo mamma so stupid when she heard of ""orange is the new black"" she thought Donald Trump became the president.
What did Little Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common? They both had curds in their whey.
A fun dream I have is to stand in the middle of Comic-Con, yell ""What's so cool about Star Wars anyway?"", then jetpack through the ceiling.
Don't pee on my leg and tell me it's raining. I mean, c'mon. Let's spice it up a little. Aim for my chest and call me your ""naughty potty"".
I have constipation. ..I don't give a shit.
What do you call a procrastinating woodpecker? A wouldpecker
How come the only people who can open childproof lids are children? My nephew charges me two vicodin just to open the bottle.
My girlfriend told me all I could think about was sex... Fanny she should say that!
Why was the mathematician late for work? He took the rhombus.
So apparently there are two types of white towels in my house. Ones to dry off and ones to touch if you want your fingers broke.
hoarder on TV: pls help me doc therapist: of course. lets start by throwing out all these anime posters. we'll take them to my car
When preparing blood sausage, never cook it in the same pan as crip sausage.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Baloney ! Baloney who ? Baloney chase you if you're a matador !
sorry I didn't answer when you called, I had 6 Peeps in my mouth
How do cows get their gossip? They herd it through the bovine.
What do you give an octomom for mother's day? A spatula. Maybe she'll be more responsible making dinner than making babies.
Sorry for teaching your kids to yell ""STRANGER DANGER"" whenever you tell them they can't have something LOL
A bunch of NBA players decided to have a holiday party. They each brought a pass to dish.
I never understood how you got dick from Richard. Apparently you just get him drunk first.
*wife offers me a sip of her water* m: Am I gonna catch what you have? w: No m: w: m: Are you sur- w: You're not going to get my period!
- Do you want to have sex? - Don't you think you're going a little too fast? - Do......you......want......to......have......sex?
There's nothing like finding a screw on the floor to make me wonder for the rest of the day about what's going to fall apart and kill me.
Sex is like a key and a lock. If a lock can be opened by any key, it's useless. If a key can open any lock, that is a good fucking key.
I like my steak just how i like ISIS... DEAD
Government confiscated all the syrup from a syrup factory. Owner of the factory says, ""Why do you need all this syrup?"" The government worker says: ""That's mollasified.""
*donates my body to science* Science: no thank you
There are 1st, 2nd and 3rd degree murders, but why are there no 90th degree murders? Because murder is not right
Last night I asked my wife for a 68 ... She said: What that ? I said: You go down on me and I owe you one.
When I was at school, the school bully used to make me rub my head against a giant piece of sandpaper. I was no match for him.
International women's day
What does a Jedi say after a tragic loss of life? ""May my thoughts be with them"".
Why are fat people like relationships? Most of them don't work out.
My girlfriend wanted a nose job for her birthday. It took me a while, but I got her off.
Why did Sarah fall of the swing ? Q: Why did Sarah fall of the swing ? A: Because she has no arms. *knock* *knock* Q:Who's there ? A:Not Sarah.
Excited for the return of Game of Thrones. Not excited for the return of the phrase, ""If you'd read the books, you'd know that...""
*pretends floor is lava* *looks around* *slyly pushes homework onto the floor*
What's a prostitute's favourite type of bird? A cock-r-two
Lake Erie: Great Lake name Lake Titicaca: Greater lake name
Does Snoop Dog wear and apron when he cooks? Yes, for sizzles. Edit: Snoop Lion
Son , I am not able to go to school today Son: I am not able to go to school today. Father: what happened? Son: I am not feeling well Father: Where you are not feeling well? Son: In school!
A man brings his wife as Aspirin... She says, 'Why did you bring me this? I don't have a headache.' He says, 'Good, let's fuck!'.
Yes, they're good. But mangoes act like they know they're good, and that's unappealing to me.
Two soldiers are in a tank. ""BLUBLUBLUBBLUBLUB"", said one to the other. A variation of the 'two fish are in a tank' joke.
-What's your zodiac sign? -Tyrannosaurus. -But that's not even a real sign. -None of the zodiac signs are real.
Two college feminists walk into a bar They tell it to check its privelege.
The guy I just cut off thinks he's gonna destroy my car with high beams.
Roses are red Violets are blue I've got multiple personalities disorder And so do I.
Home made honey mustard ! I have a beehive full of bees trained to eat mustard ... and that is what comes out !
One does not know true happiness until he gets married But then it's too late... Source: I heard it in a PS2 Raw vs Smackdown game...
Why don't blind people bungee jump? Cuz' it scares the fuck out of the dogs!
What's the difference between jam and jelly? I can't jelly my dick up your ass...
Wore my hair in a ponytail to Walmart and 4 people asked me to defend them in Drug Possession Cases. Court starts Monday.
Just dropped the kids off at the pool. Totally embarrassed them by peeing on them.
What do a car, a bus, and a family have in common? The car and the bus both have wheels.
Ever been to a Canadian mosh pit? ""Oh sorry eh! Oh! Sorry! Sorry, eh? Sorry? So sorry! Oh! Oh no.... Sorry, eh?""
Add inches to your penis with this one simple trick! Sharpen the edge of your ruler before you measure.
why don't chickens wear pants? Because their pecker is on their heads!
I'm at my most pacman when I try and get to the snack table at a party without interacting with a single person.
What's a Frenchmen's favorite vacation? A retreat.
I asked my boyfriend ""How pretty am I on a scale from 9.5-10?""
The best part of being old for the holidays? Nobody bats an eye when you 'randomly fall asleep' in the middle of a conversation.
Why didn't the rope get any presents this year? He was very knotty.
What cause of death did the doctor give for a patient whom died after staring at a woman's behind? assfixation
Is it solipsistic in here or is it just me? *noun the view or theory that the self is all that can be known to exist.*
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Follow the fresh prints.
How do you kill a troll? With a firewall spell.
I was going to bring everyone on reddit some cool plants but unfortunately, I never botany
What happens when you put too many paintings in your car? You can't make your van gogh.
Yo mama is missing a finger and can't count past nine.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Follow the fresh prints!
According to all these ""note to self"" sticky notes I am a very forgetful person also I have no idea what these notes mean
Survey gone wrong.. or right?? On a survey for 'which conditioner you use?' 99% of the womens said 'aaahhhhhh.....get out of my shower!!!!'
Ran a bath, checked Twitter, flooded Europe.
My friend starting hearing bagpipes in the back of his head I swear, I think he has Scotsophrenia.
Why does Carlos Mencia love r/jokes? Reposts are allowed.
Had to get up at 8 o'clock to work. That's 8 in the MORNING. Like a fucking farmer or something.
A lot of my friends struggle hard with drug addiction and alcoholism but they both came real easy for me.
What does the Philosophy major say a year after he graduates? ""Would you like fries with that?""
Why does Barbie hate Amazon? because they're always putting sales out on ken-dolls.
If you ever take a bus and you don't stare out the window and pretend you're escaping your abusive mother, you're doing it all wrong.
Why did Courteney Cox? Because Lisa Kudrow.
What religion do ghosts practice? Boo-ddhism
There is an existential horror upon seeing your password in handwriting.
Two chicken are gossiping... And one of them says to the other: ""You know Brad?"" ""Yeah."" ""He's a total dick.""
Why did the hedgehog cross the road? To see he's flat mate
It's a bird, it's a plane! No, it's my data plan!
I definitely thought I would have shot the lock off of something by now in my life.
What do you call a Jew with no chance of getting ahead? Bernie Sanders.
Black jokes and Mexican jokes are all the same... Once you've seen Juan you've seen Jamal.
Catfishing my ex... So you could say we're back together.
Heart of a lion My grandad has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from Edinburgh zoo.
Darth Vader says to Luke 'I know what you're getting for Christmas'. Luke: How could you know that? Darth: I have felt your presents
TIL the excuse the US Marine used in May 1943 after accidentally friendly fire'ing a British U-boat. Woops, wrong sub.
Why can't you play cards on a small boat? Because someone is always sitting on the deck.
What did the Muslim Zoophiliac say when he found out his friend was a beekeeper? ""Dicks out for Haram Bee""
An American tourist found himself in a sleepy country village and asked one of the locals the age of the oldest inhabitant. ""Well sir"" replied the villager ""we ain't got one now. He died last week.""
Most of the people dream of not working and having lots of money. During an economic crisis 50 % of those dreams came true.
Why did princess Diana cross the road? Because she wasn't wearing her seatbelt.
Pretty much just pronouncing ""Caramel"" however the person I'm talking to is pronouncing it.
Why were Ru Paul and Buffalo Bill at the park? They were at a Tucker family reunion.
Wifey put some girly glitter soap in the bathroom. This morning I look like I either just came from the strip club, or showered with Ke$ha.
INTERVIEWER: If Harry Potter was real, what Hogwarts house would you be in? ME: What do you mean ""if"" Harry Potter was real?
I remember how the folks on food stamps cost our country trillions by selling bets on bad mortgages to suckers. Glad they're being punished!
[Jumps into taxi] ""FOLLOW..."" [taxi driver turns around excitedly] ""...ME ON TWITTER"" [Jumps out & moonwalks into Olive garden]
Why is Africa hot? Because of dat Djibouti.
Have you heard the one about the gay termite? He only eats mail boxes. (male boxes). Hmm. Works way better when told out loud.
I have a step ladder its a nice ladder, but I wish I knew my real ladder.
I heard a group of pedophiles dressed up as superheroes and molested kids at birthday parties . Apparently they called themselves the Justkids League .
Did you know fish have their own religion? It's called ""ichtheology."" They study it in school
You all like dinosaurs...right? What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? ***A thesaurus***
You're only as awkward as you say you are...out loud...in front of people...who were in a private conversation...that didn't involve you.
Face down, Ass up. That's how I like to tie my shoes.
VILLIAN: all this money is mine BANK TELLER: help us Velcroman, he's getting away VELCROMAN: *stuck to the floor* who puts carpet in a bank?
Meeting with a social media consultant about how to better leverage my twitter stream for optimum engagement. Kidding. Banging your mom.
I don't know what ""swag"" is, but I was just told Justin Bieber & Lil Wayne both claim to have it. So, I'm assuming it's not talent.
First The Doctor Told Me The Good News I Was Going To Have A Disease Named After Me
What did the green onion say to the Thanksgiving dinner? ""I ain't no chive, Turkey.""
Musicians... cant seem to get of the [sofa](http://imgur.com/xUunghQ)
These five euphemisms for defecation will shock you! I can't believe #2
Me: ""I'm trying to type the word 'fucking.'"" My iPhone: ""Huh? Surely you mean 'ducking.'"" Me: ""No, I mean 'fucking'."" My iPhone: ""Bullshot.""
I feel so bad when I see a woman wearing a shirt that says GAP on it. (OC) I want tell them, ""You're so much more than that!""
""Come as you are. As you were. As I want you to be."" ~ Kurt Cobain, confusing party coordinator
What are Russian clothes always made out of? Lenin.
Who's the best grammar Nazi? Adolf Hitler's grandmother.
If you like the song ""Red Red Wine"" then U B 40.
I never close my eyes in the shower because that's how murderers know when to show up and kill you.
What does Hillary Clinton call a Trump supporting turtle warming itself in the sun? A basking deplorable
If you're first on a YouTube comment thread, I assume you're last in pretty much everything else.
Whorehouse party My friend had a party at the local whorehouse and everyone came.
I thought reverse psychology was when you made your therapist cry
Why are Jewish Women like the Bermuda triangle They both swallow seamen.
It's cute how my boss called the plastic container on my desk a ""water bottle."" Yeah, that's the clear liquid I keep in there.
Did you know that Vanilla Ice is now working as a computer literacy instructor? He's at the community college teaching word to your mother.
Guys, leave 3 notes scattered around ur house for ur girlfriend that say ""Will"", ""you"", & ""me."" That'll keep her busy while u watch sports.
Sometimes it's really hard to tell who's winning when you fight sarcasm with sarcasm.
What's the worst part of locking your keys in your car outside an abortion clinic? Going in to ask for a coat hanger!
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.
Inspecting mirrors is a job I can see myself doing it.
How many cancer patients does it take to change a light bulb? 1 and 12 people to say how inspiring it was
Your mom is so dumb.... She tried to climb Mountain Dew
A cheers for women's underwear... ...they might not be the best thing, but they are the closest thing to it
The worst pub I've ever been to was called The Fiddle. It really was a vile inn.
The generic brand Kool-Aid Man just walks into walls and mutters ""whatever"" and tries to steal your wallet.
Want to Read a Bad Joke? A bad joke.
If you played pokemon in Brazil, you might catch a Zikachu
How do you get herpes viral infection of the eye? Looking for love in all the wrong places.
The guy behind the counter asked me what I wanted on my sub and I said a collar and restraints and now I'm not allowed in Subway.
What kind of currency do astronauts use in space? Starbucks
He's street smart. Sesame Street smart.
There is a new Barbie doll on the market -  Manic-Depressive Barbie ...with a set of Oriental throwing knives
Whenever someone's robbing my house, I pretend I'm robbing it too then I make off with as much of my stuff as possible.
Sitting here eating blueberries wondering if my brain is improving Doubt it..... took too long to spell doubt
When is a pentagon not a pentagon? When it's intercepted by a separate plane.
If you were a girl and your last name was Pelled your name would always be Miss. Pelled
What would Gregor Mendel pray for if he had a blender for his experiments? Whirled Peas
There are two types of people on Reddit Karmanaut and Unidan
How do two gays propose? They both get on all fours and present the ring!
Why was the programmer sexist? Because he treats women like objects. EDIT: phrasing
How did the monster cure his sore throat?  He spent all day gargoyling.
'Always the bridesmaid, never the bride' is good advice for any best man.
What's a Mexican's favourite sport? Cross country
How many flys does it to take screw in a lightbulb? Two, but don't ask me how they got in there.
I really want to learn how to play the Piano.. .. But it's not my forte.
Little Johnny Orders A Pizza ""I'll have an extra large pie, but hold the cheese, hold the sauce, and hold the crust on that pizza!"" Haha
I have used contact lenses my whole life... I can apply them with my eyes closed.
What is it called when Batman skips church? Christian Bale!
What's worse than waking up after a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced
What is it called when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
(ROGUE ONE SPOILER) So the nickname... Throughout the movie, you see Galen calls Jyn his stardust, I thought it was pretty cute. I just didn't expect it to be so literal though.
In a perfect world anyone that said they, ""literally died" would drop dead on the spot.
Q: What's green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you? A: A pool table.
I put on my pants just like you, reluctantly, when the doorbell rings.
I posted this joke 3 days ago Fucking FedEx
Q: How many Ethiopians does it take to change a lightbulb ? A: Three. One to change it and two to squabble over who gets to eat the packaging.
Me at a wine tasting: *swirls glass* *sniffs* *sips slowly* *stares off into the distance* ...Ah, yes. This is in fact wine.
What do you call a sheep giving birth in a bedroom? Bedlam
What is the difference between a pub and an elephant fart? One is a bar room, and one is a Barooooooooooooom!
How is a woman like a condom? Both of them spend more time in the wallet than on dick
How do you tell who loves you more. Your wife or your dog? Put both of them in the trunk of your car...drive around...open the trunk and see who is happy to see you.
99 bugs in the code, 99 bugs in the code Take one down, patch it around, 126 bugs in the code
Is yur name Atilla cuz you can be my hun anytime!
LOOK A UFO! Quick, grab the worst camera money can buy.
What's a pirates favorite fast food restaurant? Long John silvers
Knock Knock... 1.Knock knock. Whos there? Yoda lady. Yoda lady who? Good job yodeling! 2.Knock knock. Whos there? Well, not your parents, because your parents never knock!
[12 doctors in a meeting] alright. which one of you idiots leaked the 1 weird tip to lose weight that doctors wont tell you. IDIOTS!
Mos Def (Most Definitely.) Hi Def (High. Definitely.)
Who is Bob Dylan's favourite soccer player? Harry Kane.
Did you hear about the girl monster who wasn't  pretty and wasn't ugly ? She was pretty ugly
I bought a pair of sneakers from my drug dealer I don't know what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day!
Did you hear about that new movie about Hitler? It's called 2fast2furherious.
Dating. I met my wife at a Singles Bar. Funny thing is, I thought she was at home looking after the kids.
A man buys some chocolate pudding from a sweets shop, and finds it's turned a sickly green color. He says to the manager, ""this is off pudding.""
oh, youvve read a few academic papers on the matter? cute. i have read over 100000 posts.
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Princess Diana? Tiger Woods had a better driver!
Why do Scotsmen screw their sheep by the side of a cliff? Because they push back harder.
If we went camping... If we went camping and you woke up with a condom in your ass, would you tell anyone? Want to go camping?
Just killed a butterfly. Let's see how this changes all future events.
Ben Carson: Health care is not a right. Trump: We're not gonna just let people die in the streets! Carson: Oh you're so hippocratical!
giving birth and cutting of your fingers are alike alot it hurts like hell and you wont really look the same afterwards. the only difference is that stupid people have to stop after 10 fingers
I just wrote down my best joke ever my best joke ever
How is Donald Trump like a VW Bug? They both spew toxic hot air disguised as being good for Americans.
The past, present and future walked into a bar It was tense.
Before he was a footballer, Messi used to be a stand-up comedian He had to quit because his jokes kept flying over the audience's heads.
What's the difference between a Chickpea and a Garbanzo Bean? I haven't had a garbanzo bean on my face.
my ex-gf had multiple personalities it was like having sex with a diff woman everynight except the time she turned into some guy named harry
The ""This is not an 'I disagree' button"" doesn't work Title. It's like people can't read that sentence.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie? Because he was far out dude
Can you imagine what would happen if Kate Middleton started doing porn? She would be *royally* fucked!
Why do historians say Hitler was a great mathematician? He could always find the final solution
Jesus fed 5000 with 5 loaves and 2 fish. I can't even satisfy myself with a family sized lasagne
Did you know unicorns exist? Yeah man. You didn't know? They're short and fat, and people call them rhinos.
What is the room temperature on Tatooine? Lukewarm
One word difference One word can change your day, your feelings, and life. Example: ""This is your captain speaking"" ""This isn't your captain speaking""
What do you call a letter from a feminist? Hate male
Final words on germanwings flight recorder: ""Dave's not here...""
*approaches man sitting at the bar Me: would you like to dance Him: yeah! Me: that's great because I need to sit down
Garden Water Features by Lily Pond
I hate it when candidates put signs on your lawn without even asking your permission. Who the hell is this 'Foreclosure' guy? And what is he running for?
I used to watch 7th Heaven religiously
What's the difference between the Harriet Tubman and the Red Hot Chili Peppers? Harriet Tubman was a heroine to the slaves
Why can't cops eat bacon? Because that would be cannibalism
95% of the world is retarded I'm glad I am the 10%
A man with dredlocks and no religion is.. Currently Jahb less
What's hitler's favorite yu-gi-oh card? Blue eyes blond dragon.
What is your best lawyer joke? I need some new material for the court house.
I bought some toothpaste that must have been created by God. It said on it, ""Heal Thy Gums.""
Like many people, I had no idea what to do after I left school. But after thinking about it for a while, I decided to go home.
When my kids look back on the photos of my life they'll think, ""Wow, he wore that shirt a lot.""
A guy walks into a bar... The real joke is in the comments.
Daylight Saving Time switches on November 6. That's right, this presidential campaign is an hour longer than you thought.
What do you call a deer missing an eye? No-eye deer.
What's with the attitude? I don't know what's gotten into you but I know what hasn't.
I was driving this morning when I saw an AA van parked up. The driver was sobbing uncontrollably and looked very miserable. I thought to myself that guy's heading for a breakdown.
When you gaze into the abyss sometimes the abyss pats you gently on the hand and says she's just not that into you.
Confucius Say Confucius say: Man who run behind bus get exhausted. Man who run in front of bus get tired.
I'm considering becoming a mind reader. What are your thoughts?
How did the mathmatician become unconstipated? He worked it out with a pencil
What dog do other dogs go to when they are sick? A docs-hund!
My New Year's Resolution is to lose 10 pounds Only 13 more to go
How did Mace Windu from Star Wars die? Through the windu!
I may make a lot of typos when I text, but in my defense, I do have to look at the road sometimes.
Why does a milking stool only have three legs? The cow has the udder.
Two nice guys didn't walk into a bar They both insists they would hold the door for each others.
What do you call a water bottle that objects? A rebuttle
I had some good news today
How did the grave robber perish when he became trapped in a pyramid? He died of asphinxiation!
Dog Mechanic: The repair is gonna take longer than expected. ""Why's that?"" Dog Mechanic: The clutch is worn out, also because I am a dog.
What's the difference between a goldfish and a mountain goat? Goldfish like to muck around the fountain.
Monday mornings are spent avoiding people who might ask about my weekend.
What did Eminem say when his label spelled his name wrong? It doesn't Mather.
Why do Scottish men wear kilts? Sheep can hear a zipper a mile away...
Star Wars Joke. How many stormtroopers does it take to change a glowpanel? 2. One to change it, and another to shoot him and take the credit.
If I had a sex change, I would change mine to more
How is Christmas like your job? You do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit.
As a man, I bleed once a month too. When I floss.
Did you hear about the duck that got thrown away? He was down in the dumps.
What do you call a man with a penis in the middle of his face? Fuck nose.
*Follows dreams *Ends up at refrigerator.
How do you know your sister has started her period? Your Dad's dick tastes like blood
Why did Bob get 'Emo' Grass for his lawn? Because it cuts itself.
When I was younger, I was told that anyone could become President. Seeing Trump's campaign, now I believe it.
If I ever commit suicide, I wanna jump off a cliff w/an open umbrella so people wonder if I thought it would bring me safely to the ground.
A man walks into a zoo. The only animal in the entire zoo is a dog. It's a shitzu.
To do: 1. Read one book. 2. Ask someone if they've read that book. 3. Act incredulous when they say no.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
What's it called when you're using Tinder on the toilet? Swiping and wiping.
I was looking at the menu in a restaurant wondering what the ""Jeremy Clarkson Special"" was Then it hit me
Eve says to Adam "" this salad is so good"" Adam says to Eve ""That's the basket with my dirty clothes""
What's the difference between a midget and a dwarf? Very little!
What's the worst thing about being black and jewish? Having to sit in the back of the oven.
Q: How can you tell if a cat is blonde? A: No matter what height you drop it from it always lands on its  head.
An actual quote by President George Bush ""The problem with the french is that they don't have a word for entrepreneurs""
Why does Mary Kay walk funny? Her lipstick
My phone just replaced the word ""killed"" with ""kilt."" Well plaid, phone... Well plaid.
Teen: Your brows are on fleek! Me: (confused) Yeah well your FACE is on fleek. Teen: Thanks! Me: God damn it.
And suddenly those annoying neighbors that leave their Christmas lights up all year long look like geniuses.
A Jewish boy asks his father for 50 dollars, to which he replied.... 40 dollars? what do you need 30 dollars for?
I had sex while camping yesterday. It was fucking in tents!
Why did ebola cross the road? To infect more people and make them shit out their insides and sweat blood.
The coolest letter. Why is N the coolest letter? Because it's N.Ice
Kids wouldn't stop shooting me. So I took their guns and *nerfed* them.
Her: omg, I'm SO happy for you! Me: *shaking head* No, no, no... I said I got 'enraged', today. Not 'engaged'.
My high school bully just made my McDouble, so I guess I won
How do they cook a turkey in Russia? They nuke it. OR In Soviet Russia, Turkey fires you!
why does Snoop Dogg use and umbrella? for drizzle..
knock knock...
My Vietnamese friends just got married. They have the same common last name, so neither of them needed to change anything. You could say it's a Nguyen-Nguyen situation.
Girls spend a lot of time explaining how they never do the thing they just did.
Chernobyl Have you ever seen Ronald Reagan's response to the Chernobyl incident? He thought the Russians were just ""overreacting.""
Did you know that you're allowed to pull over a cop on your birthday? Try it!
Why are there no female serial killers? Because after the first kill, they have to tell someone.
2 birds talking to each other I think I need to take a shit. What are you waiting for? A car.
It concerns me when someone comes out of the bathroom stall and has to wash their hands all the way up to their elbows
What did the messed up psychologist have for dinner? Freud rice.
Not yet Not yet Not yet Not yet Not yet Not yet Not yet Not yet Not yet Not yet OK! EAT ME NOW Oh! Too late Bananas
""Any women in the audience who think I'm a male chauvinist, say ""Boooo!"" Every woman in the audience yelled ""Booo!"" The speaker said to the crowd, ""Obedient little bitches, aren't you?""
Is it just me or is solipsism just a load of rubbish?
Revere rides a horse saying ""The British are Coming""and it's heroic but I hop a pogo stick naked screaming ""look at me""and it's probation?
Men always say they like strong, smart women until you argue with them. And then they're all like: You talk too much....and I want my Mommy.
Why do french tanks have rear-view mirrors? So they can see the front-lines.
They say 3 out of 4 people text and drive Not me
I'm so old I remember when teens getting pregnant meant ""PANIC!"" not ""Congratulations, you get your own MTV show!""
What did the prarie dog coach say to his team? Just gopher it.
How do you turn a fox into an elephant? Marry her.
What do you call a legless man at the beach during high tide? Fucked.
Walking inside a Nike store would be the worst place to contemplate suicide. Everything is saying Just Do It.
When I was 6, Santa gave me coal for Christmas, so the next year I decided to get back at him and poison his cookies. Somehow, the bastard found out and killed my dad.
""You haven't listened to a word I've said, have you?"" Always seems like a strange way for my wife to start a conversation with me.
Chuck Norris was what Willis was talking about.
*Secretly duct-tapes boomerang to the back of his car* Him: *Drives away* Me: *whispers* ""yeah, you'll be back.""
Budweiser is a lot like sex on the beach
I added Paul walker on Xbox He spends all his time on the dashboard
Did you hear the joke #4126?
I met my wife in an African Languages class We just clicked
Me:I need to focus on work Brain: Remember that sweet song on the radio this morning? Me:Yeah that was sweet Brain: Let's sing that instead
My dentist is going to be so proud of me! I've been brushing my teeth like ten times a day since I started using Betty Crocker toothpaste.
Do you think horses are negative? They seem like real neigh sayers, and they're always whinnying about everything
What's the difference between you and Bear Grylls? You'd get fired if you drank piss at work.
""I've been trying to recapture my lost youth... I really need to get that cellar door fixed."" ^^^^^^. ^^^^^^^. Gary Delaney.
We live in a generation where Gorilla Glass technology protects our phones.. ..yet there's nothing that exists that could have saved Harambe.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
I gave my girlfriend a birthday celebration that lasted only half a minute After all, it was her thirty second birthday.
chemistry a male and female atom are in a bar. the male goes to the female and makes a terrible pickup line for her. somehow it worked and it didn't take long for the chemistry to start.
What part of the Vatican is made entirely out of amino acids? The Cysteine Chapel
How do you sink a Polish battleship? Put it in water
Whats the German version of silent night? Kristall nacht
What is the only animal in the world that can't get hogh A fish
There's nothing more annoying than someone trying to live by their values
Did you know diarrhea is hereditary? It runs in your jeans
What does Matthew Shephard hate more than being raped, having AIDS, and being pistol whipped? Camping.
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine!
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner!
Wanna hear a joke? Womens rights
What do you call the largest of the land masses, when it's unable to hold itself together, breaking into smaller land masses and leaking waste water? Incontinent.
I'm rabidly against plagiarism, but I guess if you're going to steal something, a Columbus joke at least makes sense
My favorite jokes are ones about Pavlov. I always laugh at them without even thinking about it!
Why did the fashion show lose it's attendance? my friend thought it was a strip club. (I'm not good at this, pls don't be harsh)
What is the best part of a Jonestown joke? The punchline
How many Mexicans does it take to build a.... Oh shit they're done That is all
Your dog has stockholm syndrome.
Girls call me a wizard Because it's magic what I do with 3 inches.
What do you call it when someone has sex with Dwayne Johnson? Rock Climbing. heh.
Why do they throw so many Black men in prison? So it hurts more when the pedophiles get raped.
My decision to have kids was based solely on the fact that I was so tired of seeing movies in their entirety & craved constant interruption.
Did you hear about the gay Irish couple? Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzgerald
My fire alarm keeps going off. I think it's because my girlfriend keeps coming in. She is smoking hot.
Whenever you floss, you should be allowed to go to your dentist's house and collect an allowance.
Daddy, where do bananas come from? Well son, when a manana and a womanana really love each other...
Shaved my 4 month old beard this morning My wife was upset, she said she really liked it. I told her I felt the same, it really grew on me over the last couple months.
You know that awesome feeling when you finally understand a word problem in math class? Me neither.
What is a Jedi's favorite salad dressing? Skywalker Ranch.
Me: I've read the Bible cover to cover Her: Yeah? Prove it. M: How? H: What is the first sentence in it? M: ""Do not remove from motel""
Whats the difference between Caesar and Casanova? Caesar said:""I came, I saw, I conquered."" Casanova said:""I saw, I conquered, I came.""
want to hear a joke about sodium hypobromite? NaBrO
If you can't handle me at my worst that makes sense and I'm sorry for setting your house on fire.
Always use a fish knife when eating fish, a tomato knife when eating tomato, and a Swiss Army knife when eating a member of the Swiss army.
Why did the sperm cross the road? Because I put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea? Nobody wants a garbanzo bean on their face....ha!
Why does a chicken coup have two doors? If it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
There was a social anxiety convention No one showed up.
My wife just walked into a huge spider web. She is now a black belt in karate.
My sex party was a big disappointment... Nobody came.
Why does no one like the number 4? It's too square.
If you use your alarm to look for your car in a parking lot someone will eventually help you find it by yelling ""It's over here you idiot!""
What did the holy shit say to the priest? I'm glad I got the hell out of there!
Baltimore, eat a snickers. You turn into Ferguson when you're hungry.
Not sure if my bed is calling me or if its the girl I left handcuffed all day
Nothing feels more deflating than when a dog shows zero interest in you.
Did you hear about the fly stuck on the toilet bowl? He got pissed off.
Have you ever had sex while camping.... It's fucking in-tents
Yo mama's so fat when she takes a bath she  fills the tub then turns on the water.
Americans should be asking Santa for better presidential candidates and nothing else.
Two potatoes on a street corner There are two potatoes on a street corner. How can you tell which one is the prostitute? It's the one with the little sticker on it that says I-da-ho!
What did the chicken do when he saw a bucket of  fried chicken ? She kicked the bucket !
What's a Sudanese child's favourite TV channel? Khartoum Network.
Last night I got too drunk and sensibly took a bus home Pretty proud of myself...Never drove a bus before.
If you got a butcher who is 6'2, what does he weigh? Meat.
I went outside without makeup on. A child cried and I think a bird flew into a window on purpose.
Happy birthday to rapper Pitbull who is 34 today, or 238 in dog years for all the other Pitbulls.
Shit happens You know what they say: shit happens. That's why every time something bad happens, I pray for constipation.
Alcohol is the worst thing in the world... My friend had a lot last night and ended up saying  ""I love you"" to his Own Wife !!!
What do you call 2 guys fighting over a slut? Tug-of-whore.
Grandma got run over by a Prius. Grandma is fine. The Prius is totaled. And there's glitter and Obama stickers everywhere. Merica.
I spend so much time alone I may as well just be ugly.
I warned my friend that the girl he was taking home looked underage, but he said... ""If there's grass on the field, I'll play.""
I saved $38 by moving the fish tank in front of the TV during ""Ellen"" and telling my kids it was Finding Dory.
What did the retail employee say to the young gang member in the fitting room? You dont fit in the hood kid.
Did you hear about the Egyptian boatman who refused to believe his craft was sinking? He was in denial
What's stronger, fifty watts of sound or fifty watts of light? I don't care but would you please stop screaming, turning the lights on and off.
Q: why do the gay guys like midnight? A: twelve DONGS!
How do they keep track of books at the sausage library? The Andouille Decimal System
The best part of marriage is when your spouse goes on a diet and you don't have to share your snacks.
I want ""Wake me if anything cool happens"" on my tombstone.
*uses blood from wounds to write my killer's name on the floor* I...will be...avenged. NO! BAD DOG! DON'T LICK THAT! DADDY NEEDS JUSTICE!
Some dude just ran into Starbucks, grabbed coconut water yelling ""white people milk"" and left. Went outside, coconut water all over street
Why couldn't Luke get any sleep? Because the Force Awakens
My doctor said I have high cholesterol Because my dick is too fat
No thanks ""protected account"". You can't trick me into following you! For all I know, you could be a vegan.
NICE TO MEAT YOU, I scream as I throw slices of salami at strangers
Why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow? because it didnt want to swim in the hot chocolate
I wanna write a tweet that is so good that I can retire and just live off the retweets for the rest of my life.
Have any of you realized that the self checkout has the sexiest cashier's?
I'm really good in bed.....I stay on my side and rarely steal all the covers.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball? Nothing.. She was gagging and choking
Susie 1 - Why did Susie fall off the swing? 2 - Because she had no arms 1 - Knock Knock 2 - Who's there? 1 - Not Susie
Have you heard about the movie director from space? Woody Alien
why cant women count to 70 because 69 is a mouth full
NASA : we were wrong , there ARE 9 planets in the Solar System PLUTO: I'm back, baby! NASA: because we found a new one! PLUTO: SON OF A
[chicken buying a car] Salesman: Hop on in! You're gonna love these bucket seats. Chicken: OH GOD
What's black and doesn't work? Decaffeinated coffee, you racist bastard.
One of my last days in town and my girlfriend asks me what I want to do, and I say we could just sit around. She says what will we sit around?
Dicksuckers Cramp Guy 1: ""You know what this face is?"" *Holds mouth open in an O* Guy 2: ""No, what?"" Guy 1: ""Dicksuckers Cramp, get it?"" Guy 2: ""Yeah"" Guy 1: ""How often?""
What did the Leper say to the Prostitute? Keep the tip.
I've made a list of seven notes on how to get to the front page If you follow the first 6 it will get you a few hundred upvotes but with Note 7 it will blow up
What's the difference between a long bearded redneck and a long bearded ISIS man? One wants to eat filthy american pigs, and the other wants to kill the filthy american pigs.
I have an eating disorder. I'm about to eat dis order of pizza, dis order of fries and dis order of nuggets.
Why are there so many Smiths in the phonebook? Because they all own telephones
First Kangaroo: How do you tell the  difference between an elephant and a rhinoceros? Second Kangaroo: The elephant has a better memory.
Why did the pervert cross the road? He couldn't get his dick out of the chicken!
Somebody should tell Forrest Gump that on the back of the box of chocolates it tells you exactly what you're going to get.
My hatred for Nicki Minaj probably stems from my fear of clowns.
The best thing about algebra in high school is that it's in high school and I'm not.
There are three types of people in this world... those who can count and those who can't.
What did one succulent say to the other? ""Aloe there""
Fighting a lion is on my bucket list but I should probably make it the last thing.
Are one-liners accepted? I immediately stopped telling people I was xenophobic when I realized it doesn't mean ""afraid of xenomorphs"".
How do you know that Hogwarts is feminist friendly? The entrance is a dumbledore.
Did you hear about the window installer with two penises? He was double-hung.
Kylo Ren: I am your father. Rey: We're roughly the same age. You're just copying everything Vader said. Kylo Ren: NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Sending a second cup of coffee down to check on the first one to see why it's not doing its job.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre Didn't go over too well in r/pics.
Q. What did the blonde's left leg say to her right leg? A: Between the two of us we can make a lot of money.
My friend and I have a pact that if we're not married by age 40, we're going to fist bump and take shots for making good decisions
What does a scientist who has an epiphany while peeing say? Urea!
Woke up with a hangover to the sound of my neighbor cutting the grass. He can cut around me, I'm not movin'.
The Republican primary race should be called ""The Curious Case of Benjamin Button"" It's way too long, and the protagonists are becoming more juvenile as it goes on.
Why do Jewish fathers have their sons circumcised? They know Jewish women can't resist anything with 10% off.
If you use a wrong word in a tweet and a grammar nazi loses his shit- Try these consoling words : ""Their, there, they're. It'll be okay""
Say ""Oh my God"" 5x fast, then say ""I got 'em"" 5x fast.. Have you found Jesus? Lol, jk.. But they sound pretty similar, don't they?
Anagram It told me to nag a ram.
Ever heard of the 68 position? You go down on me now and I'll owe you one.
When droid BB-8, was asked whether it should be referred to as ""he"" or ""she""... BB-8 replied, ""I roll both ways."" http://i.imgur.com/umSzUjp.gifv
I slipped on some black ice yesterday. At first I thought it was regular ice, but when I got back on my feet, I noticed my wallet was gone.
Say what you want about porn stars... but they work hard, right up until the moment they get off.
Did you hear about the priestess who accidentally healed the evil darklord? Talk about a clerical error!
2 Mexicans escape from prison. ""Jesus, take the wheel!""
France declared war on al Qaida yesterday. Thank God, for someone needed to teach the terrorists how to surrender.
What did the father lightning bolt do to his son when he miabehaved? He grounded him.
What's the difference between Wright and Rong? Wright yells, ""Objection!' Rong is your typical Chinese man.
What do you call it when you give chairs to the poor? A Chair-ity!
My dad drove in a pothole and his tire popped, this is how it went Badum-tsss
Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks.
Roller coasters are like your first time having sex. for the amount of time it takes to get there, you wish it lasted longer.
Someone broke into my house last night and left a note saying they'd broken one of my keyboard keys. I onder hich one.
It's easier to compliment a woman when you're traveling with a toddler. ""Son, say hi to the beautiful lady with the piercing green eyes.""
If Jesus played soccer, what position would he play? Not on the wing, he doesn't do well with crosses.
I spend 17% of my day wiping the fingerprints off my phone screen.
My ex-girlfriend and I both went blind before we broke up. After that, we just couldn't see each other anymore.
Oral Sex: A taste of things to come
Where did the English teacher and the student fight? in the MLA boxing ring
What do you call a fake noodle? An ImPASTA!
What's the difference between sex and golf? In golf one bad hole won't kill you.
What rhymes with Autoerotic Asphyxiation? Writing an obituary is hard.
Why did the melons decide to have a wedding? Because they cantaloupe.
I found a great way to stop procrastinating! I'll tell you guys later.
I've been crying a lot recently It's shocking how many girls carry pepper spray
I quit drinking and my beer belly is now a pot belly.
a duck was about to cross the road when a chicken came running up and said... don't do it man ... you will never here the end of it!
Jared Bogle Always trying to get into smaller pants
Went for ""a walk"" today, like some kind of prehistoric moron.
Kim Kardashian is essentially three asses stacked on top of each other.
Why should you always take at least two Baptists with you when you go fishing? Because if you take only one he will drink all your beer.
What's the worst way to lose your job? By firing squad.
Why are there no Irish lawyers? You ever seen an Irishman pass a bar?
What's the difference between a prostitute in the bath tub and a nun? The nun has hope in her soul.
Why doesn't Mexico have a team in the summer Olympics? Because all the ones who can run, jump or swim are ready in the US.
Cardinals are fornicating on my porch again! The birds...not the religious robey dudes.
What do you get with breaking news? News casts
What's the worst advice calculus can give you? Integral of e^x because that's Se^x dx and it's never a good idea to sex the ex!
Arianna Huffington said Donald Trump is not getting enough sleep, so why isn't he getting enough sleep? Apparently not having enough **Melania**tonin at night!
What do you call a nun that is lost? A Roamin' Catholic
Pretty upset to find out that salmonella poisoning has nothing to do with a vindictive fish named Ella.
Every store should have one line for people who have their shit together.
Welcome to r/Jokes Where the jokes aren't funny and the points don't matter!
What do you do with a stuck tap..? Fawcett.
Congratulations USA We have officially gone black and gone back.
What happened when the owl lost his voice ?  He didn't give a hoot !
What did one cloud of fog say to the other? I don't know. It's a Mistery.
Did you hear about Pala Deans new restaurant? They only serve crackers!
Can't wait for ""Watch Where You're Going, Dummies"" Ricky Gervais' new show where he laughs at blind people crossing a busy street.
How do you turn lead into gold? Start a war.
I like to cook my meat like I like my women Low and slow.
I was going to tell a Periodic table joke... ...But they all Argon
A father takes his son fishing Son: Dad, can you teach me how to catch fish? Dad: Sure, son! first you throw the clickbait into the water Son: What next? Dad: What happens next will shock you!
A black man, a white guy, a muslim and a communist walk into a bar..... Bartender says ""what can i get you mr. president?""
How much sex do couples have? Newly weds: ""Tri-weekly."" After 10 years: ""Try weekly."" After 30 years, ""Try, weakly.""
A priest, rapist, and a child molestor walk into a bar Then he ordered a drink.
I will never trust a poster who claims to be an obstetrician. Because OP never delivers.
What do compassion and sex have in common? Without passion it's only cum!
Never tell a joke about a midget. They can come back to bite you on the ass
What starts with E, ends with E, and has only 1 letter in it? An envelope!
Xperia M2 dual my sony xperia m2, hanging so much after updating this new year, even when using facebook and making a call, any one faced this problem
deleted scenes are rarely worth the time but on Honey I Shrunk the Kids check out one where the dad thinks he's alone and starts jerking it
A neutron walks into a bar and asks: ""How much for a beer?"" The bartender replies: ""For you? No charge.""
R niggers 2 gay 4 u? How many jews can you fit in a volswagnon? 2 in the front,2 in the bak, and none in the ashtray because the holocaust didn't happen
What helps keep your teeth together? Toothpaste.
It's actually rude to shoot anyone, messenger or not.
Why is the Mars Rover banned from pet stores? Curiosity killed the cat.
Why doesn't Casper have any children? He has a hollow-weiner.
I survived Sharknado, but my friends didn't... ... I miss those chums
10 years ago, if you would've told me that I'd be having a daughter at 28, I would've murdered you for being a robot from the future.
What do you call a nun that is going for a walk? A roamin catholic
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks, ""why the long face?"" The horse starts crying. In between the sobs, he says ""it's not my fault I look like Sarah Jessica Parker!""
From my 8yo daughter: What do you call a boat made out of corn? A: A tortilla ship!
My main move is to say ""long story short" but then hit you with long story medium.
why do giraffes have long necks? because they have smelly feet!!
Someone keeps adding soil to my allotment overnight. It's an absolute mystery as to why though. The plot thickens...
I wish there was some way to get rid of the stupid apple in this caramel apple.
Why did my sperm cross the road? Because my wife wore the wrong socks.
So, why were they called the dark ages? There were too many knights.
Did you hear about the Bourne identity movie? Matt Damon returns in ..........Still Bourne
Over 400 billion people a year are victims of exaggerated statistics.
My girlfriend got a dog, ""Missy."" She messes inside a lot though, especially if I show too much attention to the dog.
A black lesbian, an obese white neck-beard, and an Indian comic walk into a bar. What do you get? A Netflix original series!
Whats the worst thing about the deaf women being raped She didn't hear them cumming
If it weren't for double standards, some people would have no standards at all.
You really gotta hand it to short people because they usually can't reach it anyways.
What do you call a blad man with dandruff? A Snowglobe!
You put the punchline in the title Wanna know how to spoil a joke?
My pastry factory has been pretty successful... So far we've had a good turnover.
That awkward moment: You're watching a movie with your Dad when a sex scene comes on. And then your dad starts stroking your balls. Am I right??
Did you hear about the bulimic bachelor party? The cake comes out of the girl.
CASHIER: One ultrathin lubricated condom. That'll be $3.25 DUCK: Can you put it on my bill? CASHIER: That's not where it goes, silly
Feminism is a broad issue.
What's the only thing a feminist is going to change? The Laundry
News reports say that someone stole all the toilets from the police station downtown. The cops have nothing to go on.
Paying for things with hugs Because it's legal tender.
What was the first think Queen Elizabeth did on ascending to the throne ? Sat down !
In tonight's debate Trump said we can't trust the rebels I'm not surprised
Just gave the Earth a one-star rating and a bad review on TripAdvisor to discourage any aliens that were planning an invasion.
I find it kinda funny that people still reuse memes from 10 years ago and i find it kinda sad that these things these people talk of are the best they ever have.
Unable to stop their phones and washing machines from exploding, Samsung announced today they're changing their name to the ACME Corp.
Did you hear about the man with five keen senses? He still lacked common and horse!
Hitler is walking in an extermination camp with the camp manager.. ""Why is there such a sweet smell in the air?"" Hitler asked. ""Today we're burning the diabetic"" answered the manager. Edit: Spelling.
What is the name of a dog with no legs and metal balls? Sparky
What does an insecure white kid do when he accidentally leaves a page? Alt+Right
Why did the orange fall out with the orange-peeler? Because he was taking the pith. /gets coat. bai.
What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle? Beef strokanoff.
How do the French defend a city? We don't know, they've never tried it.
You should never trust a molecule They make up everything.
remember teens: even Jesus once logged off for 3 days
What's the difference between a new wife and a new dog? After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
BREAKING: Olympic athlete stripped of medal after urine sample shows traces of rubber, which is a band substance
On a scale of newlyweds to married 25 years, how willing are you to admit I'm right?
Did you hear about the guy who ate his trousers? He pooped his pants!
I hate how funerals are always at 9-10 AM... I'm not really a mourning person
What do you call someone who only watches Horror Anime? A Ouijaboo.
Had a rabbit that would come by every morning. I'd leave a bit of food for him. But he stopped coming one day. Now he's just some bunny that I used to know.
If you drop a white hat into the Red Sea, what does it become?
What's the difference between my basement and a Ferrari? One is filled with hookers, and the other is my basement!
Got this email from a friend:  CanYouFixTheSpaceBarOnMyKeyboard?
Another yo momma joke Yo momma so fat she emits more gravity waves than colliding black holes
There are 10 kinds of people in the world... Those who understand hexadecimal and F the rest.
What is the difference between Donald Duck and Donald Trump? One is a cartoon character with a hot temper and the other is a duck.
How many people does it take to screw in a light bulb? How the hell did they get inside a light bulb?
What do you call a transvestite postal worker? a mail lady
*cashier stares at obviously fake ID* you sure you're 3? *dog panics and runs out of the store barking*
Don't regret past mistakes. All of your decisions, good and bad, led you to where you are today. Disregard this if you are in prison.
My neighbor told me to close the curtains when I'm naked, but then I don't get that cool sensation of pressing up against the window glass
Just saw someone order a cup of water at this restaurant. Knocked it out of his hand. We're in a drought, idiot.
why didn't the young bald eagle need a chaperone? he already had super-vision.
DATE: gonna grab my jacket and brb. you look great by the way ME (whispering to my suit made of chameleons): hell yeah keep it up you guys
What is white and blue and swings through the jungle? a refrigerator wearing a denim jacket
Ran into an ex-girlfriend. We talked, exchanged info, and she said her ""insurance would call"" me. Someones still carrying a torch!
What do you call a trapped fly in a frying pan of stir fry? Your mum
Last week, Puerto Rico's Governor said that they couldn't pay their debt. From now on, the Island will be known as Puerto Pobre.
What's the core body temperature of a Tauntaun? Luke Warm
Don't be racist. It doesn't matter if you're black, asian or normal!
I wish corn would teach other foods how to explode into a different food that's 10 times better.
I dowloaded the song ""Runnin' down a dream"" illegally from the internet... I got charged with Petty theft.
Why do Ethiopians have fly swatters? To hunt for their food.
So many women in the world, but out of all the men in the world who has the best picks? Probably climbers and miners.
I'm sleepier than a cupcake stand. They are tiered... sorry, this joke has too many layers.
How many lazy people does it take to screw in a light bulb? Count for yourself...
There should be a terrible show about a woman, her mom, and her daughter, all 3 named Jennifer, called ""Jenerations"" on Lifetime or the CW.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? He walked . . . . . . . . . . . . . J.K..................... Rowling
Good Cop: step away from the ledge Cat Cop [pushes person off] oops
Why did Pee Wee Herman win the annual bass fishing contest? Experts say it's because he was a master baiter.
Why was the snowman smiling? He heard the snow blower coming
What's a white supremacist's favorite cereal? Special KKK.
[Walking around park with kid] Daughter: Daddy, why is grass green? Me: Because God wants to remind me I have no money everywhere
Some sad news from Australia... the inventor of the boomerang grenade died today.
Some people say I am an evil person. But thats not true. I have the heart of a sweet young girl, in a jar under my bed.
What advantage do gay black guys have over gay white guys? They only have to come out to their mother.
What do you a white convict stuck between two black convicts? An Oreo crookie
""I know she told me to buy Tampax, but I'll buy the store brand that's on sale instead."" The last thoughts of a man who's about to die.
If you don't wear ear protection, do you run the risk of getting Hearing AIDS?
Yes you impress me. But so does a squirrel crossing a telephone wire.
FRIEND: What 3 books would you have on a desert island? ME: My first book is more books. F: What? These aren't wish M: Second book's a TV.
My wife was so sick this morning that I had to carry her to the kitchen to make my breakfast.
There are two kinds of people in the world These who can extrapolate from incomplete data...
Why do lesbians have belly buttons? To hold the tartar sauce.
How Wonderful Did you hear the story of the man that had the great honor of being crushed by a steam roller? He was flattered
It's good to know how to jerk off sometimes... It comes in handy.
BOSS: it's national replace H's with F's day ME: really? BOSS: yep, you're hired! ME: hahaha-wait BOSS: get out ME: what the huck?
What's red, 6in. long and my gf cries when I feed it to her? Her Miscarriage.
There are a lot of advantages white people have over black people. But there's one advantage gay blacks have over white ones. When a gay black comes out, they only have to deal with one parent.
What did The Zodiac Killer say before killing his victims? ""You're Cruz'n for a bruising"".
Our carbon monoxide detector keeps beeping and waking me up from my nap.
I called a suicide hotline today... they do NOT give the kind of advice I was looking for.
I realized today that the Vans logo looks like a square root symbol. It's probably because they're so radical.
Why was the Dalai Lama not upset after he spilled spaghetti sauce? Because it happened in the *past*a.
I think I have hit rock bottom in my life. Do you know where I can buy some new tacks?
How many ""friend zoned"" guys does it take to change a light bulb? None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw. Edit: a word
Batman: Introducing, the Robinmobile. Robin: I'm so excited! *curtain opens* Robin: Bruce, that's a car bed... Batman: You're welcome.
I found out when my birthday was and now I can never have a surprise party.
My parallel parking skills are unparalleled.
What did the Japanese man say when he jumped out of Office Depot? SUPPLIES!!!
When toddlers get naked and run around giggling, it's ""cute"" and ""funny"" ...but when I do it, I'm ""drunk"" and ""not allowed back in Target""
Dammit Springsteen, I was born in the USA too but you don't see me making millions in monthly residuals from a 20 year old song about it.
I heard it took at least two elephants to make the keys on my antique piano I had no idea they were capable of such delicate work.
A celebrity died? Better take this opportunity to tell everyone a very personal story about that one time you saw them eating falafel.
Why do penguins never go to England? Because they're afraid of Wales!
Want to hear the corniest poop joke ever? No? Too late.
What did one ocean say to the other? Nothing, it just waved. Sea what I did there? I'm shore you did. Laugh, you son of a beach!
What did King Kong say when he saw the Statue of Liberty? Are you my mother?
Women's underwear is a great example of how you can make something half-assed and it still become very successful Thought of this in traffic yesterday
What did the man say to the giant squid? What's kraken? JAJAJAJAJJAJJAJA
How do you get a gay guy to screw a women? Shit in her pussy.
A polite German who never showers walks into a cathouse... ...and does his buisness. All the women then commented on how he had quite a ""gru dich.""
NSFW - Want to hear a dirty Joke? The white horse rolled in the mud. Hiyo. Try the salisbury steak I'll be here all week. (I know its an old one, but it always made me laugh)
You can eat a huge bag of cashews right in front of a cop and he can't do shit about it because cashews aren't illegal.
Pretty sure California's water crisis could have been solved with the number of dropped ice cubes that I've lazily kicked under the fridge.
What do you call two guys above a window? Curt 'n Rod
What do you call a grandma that know martial arts? A grandmartial artist. I apologise for any lost brain cells.
If by raw food you mean cookie dough, then yes, I love raw food.
What do my iPhone and my girlfriend have in common? They both go off again two minutes later to remind me of the same thing.
Who's the most popular guy on a nude beach? The one who shows up with a dozen donuts and two cups of coffee.
How many animals can you fit into a pair of panty hose? 2 calves, an ass, 1 beaver, a shit load of hares, a camel toe, and a fish nobody can find.
If you get raped... Then at least you know there is someone in the world who wants you.
when i got asked to do the thanksgiving prayer Thanks Obama!
What does the physicist have to eat when he goes to the pub? Fission chips.
use this coupon for the pizza its expired whats the worst that could happen [calls wife 10min later] hello Im in something called pizza jail
What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi? People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones, but people in Abu Dhabidooo.
Real laziness is being excited when plans get canceled.
What's the worst thing you can do in the name of cupidity? Going to Thailand with your own children
My reaction to winning a billion dollars wouldn't even come close to my 5 year old's reaction when I told him that there's no school today.
How do you mute an Italian? Tie up their hands.
TIL the american flag planted on the moon is now completely white due to radiation from the sun. Great, now future archeologists are gonna think the French got there first.
Whats a really famous corn? Pop corn. Get it? like e.g, pop stars
It's fun to watch babies taste new things like ice cream, lemons, or 9-volt batteries.
Did you hear about the man who was sexually attracted to cars? He had an auto-erotic affixation.
What do the UFC and Beauty Salons have in common? They're both full with Brazilian pussies!
Old fire fighters never quit They just do asbestos they can.
I just finished reading Great Expectations. It wasn't all I hoped it would be.
Why did the semen cross the road? Because I hadn't masturbated for a month. Seriously, when I ejaculated it was six feet. Which was unusual, as usually it's cum. Strange day.
I need a joke about lightning keep it pg thanks.
Do you know that awesome feeling after understating math? Me neither
Threading the hook... Are those fishermen that are good with their hands, wrangling the worm -- called Master Baiters ? Boom-boom
What do you call a second hand gold necklace? Recyc-bling (I'm pretty sure I thought of this myself but I used to smoke the Mary Jane a lot so......)
I dropped my iPhone in water and now I'm unable to make phone calls. So basically it's the same as it was before.
What is the most heinous, disgusting, perverse, NSFW joke that you know?
I can see clearly now the rain has gone
Q: Why do blonde's get confused in the ladies room? A: They have to pull their own pants down.
A city is only really home when you stop being mystified by its public transport system and instead are just constantly angry at it.
What is the difference between a priest and a pimple? A pimple generally waits until you are a teenager before it comes on your face.
After their meal of rawmen and a cup of joe, what do cannibals use to freshen their breath? MenToes
When I was five, my Dad put Snowballs in the blender to make a slushie... I miss snowballs, she was a good cat.
Forgot to tie my bikini top back before I stood up from sunbathing on the beach. Now I know how to get help carrying my chairs to the car.
Ma'am, I never said your baby is ugly. In fact, I have not even seen it. However, the aardvark in your stroller is adorable.
[pharmacy] ""Can I help you?"" Yeah, could you recommend anything over the counter for this? *lifts shirt to reveal 7 fresh gunshot wounds*
What do you call somebody who is content being average sized? A happy medium.
Housekeeper &gt
I've heard a lot of gossip about molasses today. It's nothing more than viscous rumours.
Help, I just sunk the wrong submarine and I need legal advice Whoops! Wrong sub.
I had morning wood. But my wife has morning wouldn't. So now I'm mourning wood.
Wanna hear a joke about my dick? Never mind, it's too long.
A frittata is just an omelette that studied abroad for a year in college.
Excited about my bike, I decided to start a cycling club. It's been weeks and no one has joined Maybe The Pedalphiles wasn't the best name :-/
I only studied genetics so I would know who to blame.
Why did the bald man paint rabbits on his head? Because from a distance, they looked like hare.
I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West... ...could have been avoided completely if cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone...
What did Chuck Norris told his father when he left home for college? You are the man of the house now.
What did the little boy with no hands get for Christmas? Gloves. Just kidding, he hasn't opened them yet.
Who is the scariest hobbit? Lorena
The early bird needs to shut the fcuk up.
I have enough money to live comfortably for the rest of my life ...if I die next Tuesday.
What part of the hospital does John Cena hate the most? the ICU
why do parents get mad when u sleep all day like im staying out of trouble and im not spending your money like what is the issue here
There are two types of people in the world... 1. People who masturbate 2. Fucking Liars
What do you call a camel without humps? Humphrey.
Why doesn't barbie have any kids?
There's a strong correlation between the amount of pre-made holes in a guy's jeans & his level of douchiness.
When arguing, I let the other person speak first, then help them see my point by starting with, ""Now, what I'm about to say is correct""
What does an elite hacker get after being arrested? [deleted]
What's the difference between a man and a woman? A vas deferens.
Why wasn't the fella able to get out when he fell in the river? Cause it was on a Sunday and the banks were closed?
Your life doesn't get better by chance. It gets better by choice.
My gangster name would be The Street. If someone dared to oppose me I'd say ominous things like ""Look both ways before you cross The Street""
Why are atheists so light? They have no mass.
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb? Fruit salad
I couldn't figure out why that frisbee was getting bigger... ...and then it hit me!
What do you get if you cross Islam and Capitalism? v2 Allah's Snackbar.
Just found out my girlfriend has a vagina Should I break up with her?
Earth? yeah, I'd hit that -meteor
Keep your friend's clothes in your enemy's toaster.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking after you slap it. (heard this somewhere)
What starts with an F and ends in ""uck""? Fuck
I had abstinence-only sex education when I was in high school. It was called Dungeons and Dragons.
How many economists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? I don't know. They just keep going on and on about how the last one broke.
What do you call a ship that drives itself? Auto-pirate.
Confucius say... French girl high maintenance. Chinese girl Lo Mein-tenance.
Whenever I go bowling.... I enter my name as ""3 testicles"". That way, occasionally the monitor says ""Congratulations 3 testicles! You got a spare!""
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb? Just Juan.
Slept with a girl who had eczema last night The sex was alright but her tits were cracking!
I always thought Hamlet was the story of a small pig.
*through a mouthful of Nutella* Oh, yeah, healfy eafing is sufer imfortant to me.
What does a desperate Mexican do? Bangs his head against the wall.
Why can you only drown a hipster in a tributary? Because, it isn't mainstream.
""Do you want to hold my baby?"" Yeah nice try. You got yourself into this mess you hold your own damn baby.
I saw a scary looking Middle-Eastern man so Iran
I'd like to tell you a joke about paper... but it's tearable.
I met a dyslexic Christian who was also a carpenter... Kind of weird meeting someone who believes in guardian angles.
Pretty sure Craigslist is just a secret genetics lab and they send out their failed experiments to come pick up the stuff you sell there.
Sharks prefer Stevie Wonder to Ray Charles in a blind taste test.
Having a beard makes it easier to hatch a scheme, but it's getting harder and harder to play on a public swing set by myself.
What's the difference between a guitar and an elevator? I didn't expose myself inside a guitar this morning.
My weightlifting trainer told me the key is ""If it burns, it grows"" So I lit my cock on fire
It's yellow, lives in a tree, and is very annoying? A Banananananana Banananananana!
I am one ""Mom!"" away from making the 6 o'clock news.
How can you tell male from female ants? Throw them in a bucket of water
What do you call a blonde in a closet? Last years hide and seek champion
How do you hide money from a Republican? Put it in a science textbook.
Did you hear about the russian prosititute Nickersonanoff
The inventor of the throat lozenge died today... There will be no coffin at the funeral.
I now have 8 apps to communicate with the same people.
Q: How can you tell Bill Clinton from a bunch  of dead bodies? A: He's the stiff one.
What do you call a disease that only effects ducks? A mallard-y
How were you conceived? Daddy came on his shoe and kicked mommy in the ass. Or Daddy came on the wall and mommy ran against the wall.
What has more brains than Kurt Cobain? The wall behind him.
BREAKING: Apple reportedly prepping electric car. Battery life is expected to be about an hour, with a 2 foot charging cable.
How do you spell onomatopoeia? Just spell it like the way it sounds!
Bill Cosby sure does love pudding Pudding his dick where it doesn't belong.
What music do dyslexic programmers listen to? Run/CMD
I walked into a room full of men masturbating   They all looked shocked when I didn't stop
I like my woman like I like my coffe With no pubic hair.
What happens if an Asian gets stung by a bee? Their GPA drops
What did the the dad say to the feminist? Hugh Mungus
Today is Tax Day. It's going to be a tough day for the few hundred people in the U.S. that are still making an income.
Where do Amish people go to get medicine? To the farmacy.
Last Supper Recently discovered scrolls reveal Jesus' words to his disciples at the Last Supper: ""If you guys want to be in the picture, you've got to get on this side of the table.""
I scream. You scream. The police come. It's awkward.
A guy named Charles lived in a foreign country for many many years. When he came back, everyone started calling him ""Harles"". Why? Because long time, no c..
1 in 5 American children are now on food stamps which is why we must cut food stamps to reduce their dependency on food.
Michigan and Ohio fought a war over Toledo... Michigan won and Ohio has to keep it.
A guy asks a nurse about his wife.. guy: Nurse when do you think we can have sex? Nurse:wait I'll just go and change.
I have no business with you, unless behind the bushes.
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says, ""Hey, you know we've got a drink named after you!"" The grasshopper says.... ...Ralph?
me: [slides bank teller a note] bank teller: what's a ""roblery""
When I see a lovers name carved in a tree, I don't think it's sweet. I just think it's surprising how many people bring a knife on a date.
You have to hand it to Subway for convincing us it's acceptable to eat an entire loaf of bread for lunch.
ME: I wonder if it wrestles cutely too? ZOOKEEPER: Sir, get out of the panda enclosure. ME: lol. No. *gets mauled to death by panda*
Doctor: Your son is lactose intolerant Me: Oh my god [later that day] Me [runs into field and punches a cow]: That's for inventing milk
Just saw a commercial for weight gainer pills. Have the people with this ""problem"" not heard of pizza and alcohol?
I love Clint Westwood easterns. Especially The Bad, the Good and the Handsome.
What makes a joke about ISIS funny? The execution
Engineers will get it They should call it a ""Bachelor because of Science"".
What they say: Want a bite of my sandwich? What I hear: How much of this sandwich can you fit in your mouth?
Did you hear about the erectile dysfunction support group meeting? It was a total flop, nobody came.
Donald Trump and I have a lot in common People like him, but nobody knows why
A priest, a rapist and a pedophile walk into a bar He buys a beer.
Nurse: You can come inside now. *Stands up* *Dusts off jacket* *Straightens bow tie* *Fastens cufflinks* *Ahem* ""That's what she said""
Facebook has made me hate birthdays more than funerals.
Legally, you are not required to tell your boss WHY you saved all those Burt Reynolds pictures to the desktop.
I'm starting to think the guy that gave me directions to the train station was just talking to someone on his Bluetooth.
You know why you can't scare a gay guy? Because they're not fucking pussies
If my girlfriend is late for work & looking for keys, I help by following her around the house & looking in exactly the same spots she does.
What is a suicidal person's favorite card game? Bridge.
A lesbian tried to hit on me today, so I let her know that I was straight. She told me, ""Spaghetti is straight too, till it gets wet""
I painted my PC black to make it run faster Now it doesn't work
What do you call it when a plant used TV Tropes? A TV Tropism.
I'm writing a book about futurology. It's coming soon.
What does Tupac Shakur and Oceans 13 have in common?... They were both shot in Vegas!
'C' has just been promoted to the second letter of the alphabet! However R &amp
Greatest Photocopy Machine 9Gag
A cop stops a drunk man and asks ""how high are you?"" The man replies. ""That is wrong English. You should say 'Hi how are you?'""
Three Men Walk Into A Bar The bartender then says... ""How'd you guys get in here?""
Judging by the disproportionate size of Popeye's forearms, I'm guessing Olive Oyl didn't put out much.
TIFU by eating my coworkers sandwich Oops, wrong sub
How does a blonde set the time on her alarm clock? She waits until midnight and plugs it back in. Disclaimer: I know it's terrible, I was very young when I came up with it.
How do Jews fight? With JewJitsu
what colour are Marios overalls? denim denim denim
[Adam and Eve in bed] Adam, am I really the only girl for you? GOD EVE, YOU'RE LITERALLY THE ONLY GIRL ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH
I have a dog named Lucky... Sometimes he escapes so we have to go get Lucky. And sometimes it'll be dark out so we'll be up all night to get Lucky.
If I had a jet pack I would look AWESOME dying within the first 2 minutes of having a jet pack.
What is Grammar? The difference between knowing your shit, and knowing you're shit
Dad rocks,son shocked! Son - ""Dad whats the difference between confident and confidential?"" Dad - ""Hmm. You are my son. Of that I am confident. Your friend Timmy is also my son. That's confidential.""
Why do Catholics drink? ...because they're filled with the Holy Spirit
What's the difference between an oral and rectal thermometer The taste
I'm hungry for pancakes AND vague racism. Aunt Jemima, it is!
I'm going to start rubbing myself up against people when they've got nice food. If it works for my cat, it'll work for me.
How do you keep a fool in suspense... I'll tell you tomorrow.
How do you remember your wife's birthday? forget it once.
ENTRY-LEVEL JOB OPENING: Minimum 3 years exp required. Must speak 4 languages, have 2 Olympic medals & a reference letter from Barack Obama.
Maybe Adele is singing about her cats. You don't know.
""I'm turning over a new leaf"" -Adam telling Eve that he's seeing another woman
Two scientists walk into a bar... One asks for a H2O, the other asks for a H2O too. The bartender hands them both glasses of water and asks them why they're talking in scientific terms.
When people try to play games with you, simply choose not to play. Unless it's Naked Twister. Never turn down Naked Twister.
son let me tell you about the birds and the bees... I left a window opened and they flew in and now I'm scared to go in that room
What do you get when you mix a Mexican with an octopus? I dont know, but it sure as hell can pick apples.
Not a joke, sorry, but I'm new to this subreddit... Does this subreddit actually have 36 million ""humorists"" or is that a joke? If so, I don't get it.
What'd the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip
When I die, scatter me across my ex's front lawn. Also, don't cremate me.
Knock knock The game
What do vegetarian zombies eat ? terri schiavo
How do they prevent crime in hamburger country? With burger alarms!
MOBA Joke Why are Americans bad at MOBAs? Because they cant defend towers.
How do you beat George Foreman in a fight? Punch him in the grill
My position on marijuana is slumped in a beanbag chair.
Scientists have discovered a new way to get AIDS from toilets You sit down before the other man is done.
To kill a mockingbird should have been titled ""how to kill a mockingbird."" Learn English idiot.
wife: Why is there a broom in the driveway? me: So your mom doesn't have to borrow the car
I love when the family tells puns on easter They are always so eggciting to hear.
When I was a kid, my parents gave me a drum set for Christmas. They let me bang them as long as it wasn't after midnight. They always slept better after being banged.
[death row] Guard: alright tough guy one last meal Me: a cyanide pill Guard: what? no we want to kill you! Me: too bad Guard: aw man
Well, here I am! What are your other two wishes?
I don't pay my taxes... Because I'm smart.
I believe in strict gun control [gun sneaks toward front door] Where do you think you're going at this hour? [gun hangs head & turns around]
In general, girls don't like to be described as ""beefy"". Even if you love beef.
I always take a condom with me on a night out. Unfortunately, it is always the same one...
[showing my family to coworker] This is a picture of my daughter & my cat. Mittens & Jack. ""You named your daughter Jack?"" Nope, mittens
What do you mean I've had enough to drink?!! Hold my beer while I fight this lamppost.
like my grandfather did, i want to die peacefully in my sleep... ...not screaming and yelling like his passengers
I was furious when I found my wife's profile on a dating website That lying bitch isn't ""fun to be around""
Why do Apples new headphones look like tampons? Because they're made exclusively for cunts.
My husband brought home one happy meal for two kids. Frankly things would have been less dramatic if he'd brought home a girlfriend.
When you assassinate, you make an ass out of ass innate.
How can you tell when Dracula is sick? By his coughin'
What separates Humans from Animals? The Mediterranean Sea.
How many feminist does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they don't change anything.
How does the sun cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What do the letters G, I, T, N, H, N &amp
Three statisticians are hunting when they see a rabbit. The first one shoots and misses him on the left. The second shoots and misses him on the right. The third one shouts, ""We've hit it!""
I had a wet dream about you last night I dreamed that you got hit by a bus and I pissed myself laughing.
The issue of cannibalism and the afterlife A cannibal dies. He moves on to the afterlife. He goes to a bar. He drinks a spirit. He says ""sorry, I needed seconds."".
Why were Porn Stars not affected by the recession? Some jobs always have sticky wages...
A Mexican magician tells the audience he will disappear on the count of 3... He says, ""Uno, dos..."" and then *poof* disappeared without a tres.
Call it a hunch, but I'm pretty sure I have an abnormal convex curvature of the upper spine.
How to insult an elder in the museum. Say ""I would shake your hand, but the sign says ""Do not touch the artifacts."""".
What should a rabbit use to keep his fur neat?  A harebrush.
I intend to live forever... or die trying.
Why do zombies always kill at comedy clubs? Because their jokes are told post-humorously!
People always ask why I'm wearing a sombrero in my high school graduation pictures. Clearly, because it was my senor year.
My grandfather told me this joke. A man jumps off a skyscraper. Halfway down, he says: ""so far so good""
What's the difference between a slice of toast and the French? You can make soldiers out of a slice of toast.
If Last Names Often Come From Ancestors' Professions... Then what the fuck was wrong with Bruce Dickinson's family?
What's long and hard on a black man? The first grade.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Well, he didn't get across, but he made it to the other side.
100% of car accidents happen within exactly five miles of something. If you're within five miles of anything right now, move.
BAD: When your date has been in the Men's Room for 45 mins. WORSE: When the 6 yo girl at the table next to you says ""he's not coming back""
I told the Starbucks batista my name was Mary Krismas... They still can't get the spelling right.
Why did the lady at the bar slap the man next to her for stroking his mustache? Because in between stroking it, he said ""hello, let me clear you off a place to sit.""
todd: *sobbing uncontrollably* me: relax it was just a little earthquake todd's wife: he's an etch-sketch artist. it was everything he had
What's the difference between an 115 year old man and a 46 year old woman ? sixty-nine
A co-worker said to me, ""Could you be any more annoying?"" So the next day I wore tap shoes to work.
Woman Attacks her Husband This woman is accused of attacking her husband with several of his guitars. Judge: ""First Offender?"" Woman: ""No. First a Gibson Les Paul. Second a Fender.""
What's the only mammal that can breathe under ice? An elephant hiding in your fridge
Keep reaching for the stars but get a better deodorant.
What kind of orange juice do Jews drink? All kinds, just not concentrated
This vodka tastes strange, kinda like I'm not going to work tomorrow.
Just reported a car stolen because the people inside are black and the stick figures on the window were white
I'ts so cold outside... I actually saw a politician with his hands in his own pockets.
What kind of pants does Super Mario wear? Denim Denim Denim
The best thing about hand sanitizer in hospitals isn't the hygiene. It's everyone walking around like they're hatching an evil plan.
What was the favorite food of the thrifty Italian who loved contractions? A pasta free.
Female praying mantises bite the heads off males while mating, so if your mantis boyfriend shows up without a head, he was cheating on you.
What's the difference between very large building and pigeon? just one 's'. One is skyscraper and the other one is skycraper.
Use chemicals to remove polish and no one bats an eye Use chemicals to remove the Polish and you're literally Hitler
So won't Surreal Slim Shady please stand up, please stand dOwN, please RIDE A TRICYCLE THROUGH A DENTISTS WAITING ROOM DRESSED AS A PENGUIN
My parrot got himself a new suit. It's polly ester.
Balloons think they're so cool. I tried to tell one he was leaking and he just said, ""Pfft.""
Hair in bun=housework Hair in ponytail=oral sex Body language is important-So he doesn't get excited when I'm about to 2 scrub the toilet
The only thing worse than having a small penis... Is having small arms.
If you think Lord of the Flies couldn't happen, you've clearly never seen a group of 7 year olds go after a pinata.
How did the hipster burn his tongue? He sipped his coffee before it was cool
What did one snowman say to the other? ""Weird...I smell carrots, too.""
I like my women like I like my student debt Always there and constantly fucking me
Your mama is so fat..... Your daddy proposed to her with an onion ring.
Why did the bald man draw rabbits all over his head? From a distance they look like hares!
My cat's name is Isis, so you can imagine my horror when I turned on the news and saw ""Isis believed to be allied with Al-Qaeda""
Where do they send female terrorists? Guantanamo Bae.
I used to be very indecisive But now I'm not so sure if I am anymore.
Why was the female bank teller angry? She was going through the change...
So, Tim Cook came out of the cloud?
Two Sikhs are fighting with each other on the street... ""I WILL A KILL YOU!"" One says blatantly. ""AND THEN?"" The other bellows while widening his eyes.
Why can't elephants go skinny dipping? They can't get their trunks off...
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and an ironing board? A: It's difficult to open the legs of an ironing board.
Why aren't the Italians afraid of the biscuit? Because it ain't nothing butter biscuit!!!
Autocarrot sucks!
What does a man with one leg wear to the beach? Flop.
Girlfriend pressuring you to have a baby? Set the alarm on her phone to an infant screaming. If that doesn't changer her mind..DUMP HER!
[1692 Salem] ""BURN THE WITCH"" U HAVE A CROOKED NOSE, WITCH ""No, Frank, at the stake"" [quickly lighting torch] Right, I knew that.
Cancer cures smoking.
What sort of drug does a duck use? Quack cocaine
For christmas i bought my girlfriend a pair of shoes and a dildo. That way if she doesnt like the shoes she can go fuck herself.
Really Speedo Guy? Things aren't bad enough in the world already? You've got to display to the whole beach that you're hung like a Tic-Tac?
I should have made a website called www.reallydontfit.com and posted all the pics of fat chicks wearing skinny clothes this weekend. @MaleHonesty86
What do you call a pig that votes? Polled pork.
How does Moses make tea He brews it..
Q: What do you have when you have a cow and two ducks? A: Milk and quackers.
What's an old woman taste like? Depends ...
My wife has been binge watching episodes of snapped, so I cancelled my life insurance policy, and haven't slept or eaten in days.
What type of bagel can fly? A plain (plane) bagel!
I've decided to take some time off Facebook so I can focus on work and, ok, I'm back
How do magicians hide their boners? The power of missed-erection.
A man went into his local pharmacy to purchase condoms. After ringing his item up the cashier asked, ""Would you like a bag?"" The man responded, ""No, she's not that ugly.""
What is a prime way of knowing when a retard is thirsty? He'll have water on the brain.
Kylo Ren and Supreme Leader Snoke go to a restaurant. Why did Snoke get his meal before Kylo Ren? Because he made the First Order!
Sorry to interrupt, but the personal story you're in the middle of telling reminds me of how much I love attention.
Kim Kardashian's baby will be the whitest person to ever see her vagina.
If a group of ducks were controlling the ""autocorrect"" feature that would be ducking insane
As told to me by my 5y/o nephew at the dinner table... Why did the elephant cross the road? &amp
How does a Welshman find sheep in long grass? Irresistible.
When I call out the wrong name during sex, I just segue into singing Mambo No. 5.
The oldest British joke (10th Century): What hangs at a man's thigh and wants to poke the hole that it's often poked before? A key.
Rosie O'Donnell is such a hipster ...she hated Trump before it was cool.
What is the similarity between Election and Erection? The words election and erection are spelled similarly. They both have the same meaning too: a dick rising to power.
bacon and eggs walk into a bar bartender says: ""I'm sorry, we don't serve breakfast.""
now when we see rotten food we think ""we should throw this out"" but in the past, they'd be like ""are there any shitty concerts coming up?""
Bartender: What can I get you? Me: Drunk
What do you call a masochist looking for a hookup? Cruisin' for a bruisin'
I think it's nice that the vowels sometimes let ""Y"" into their crew.
OK, time to put up the tree and spend the next six weeks scolding the cat for playing with the dangly remarkably-cat-toy-like ornaments.
Which eggs are the best for Easter? Empty ones (   )
Trump promises to bring back Jobs If he can save the iphone 8 from deleting the charge port he can save America
Two women are at a cafe, sitting quietly
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any children? Every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel.
Men are like computers. Hard to figure out and never enough memory.
Why did the computer freeze? It got frostbyte.
Jews would love to believe in Santa.. ..but they're not fans of anybody that keeps a list with peoples names on it.
What do you call a book club that's been stuck on the same book for thousands of years? Church.
A guy walks into a bar... He says ""ouch!"" and grabs his forehead.
You can tune a guitar... but you can't tuna fish!
I cant believe Whoopi Goldberg hasn't legally changed her last name to ""Cushion."" I mean, why even be a celebrity??
2 blondes walk into a bank You'd have thought one of them would have seen it
""Dad, what do you think about abortion?"" --Ask your sister --But I don't have a sis...
A man with a mirror leaves a party... ... and says ""I'll see myself out.""
A little girl was next in line. 'My name's Curtain' she said. 'I hope your first name is not Agnate ?' 'No it's velvet !'
What did batman say to robin? What did batman say to robin before they got in the bat-mobile? ""Get in""
A Blind Man Walked Into A Bar... and a table.
What's the difference between cab drivers and F1 drivers? F1 driver doesn't think he's a cab driver
Where would you find the emo kid at his birthday party? Just *hanging* out by himself in the bedroom
What is flat, at the center of the universe, and warming?
What do Mexicans use with the Wii-U? Amiigo
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable? Convincing their family to consent to it!
I went to a camouflage themed party the other day... but I didn't see anybody there.
My girlfriend asked me to act like an animal in bed. So I peed on the pillow.
Well, if you're going to question my reputation and credentials as a gynecologist,I suggest you get the hell out of my office van.
My bike is getting old. I had to retire it.
[NSFW] I'm almost legal and want to discuss sex with my parents but I'm worried how incest will affect our relationship.
Did you hear about the scarecrow that won a nobel prize? They said he was outstanding in his field
To smell good while aboard the ISS, astronauts wear ... Old Space.
The invention of the shovel was a groundbreaking discovery
What dance do hippies hate? A square dance.
What did the left leg say to the right leg? Between me and you, we can make a lot of money.
Why did the man put his car in the oven? Because he wanted a hot rod.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Only 2, but I don't know how they got in there
One sperm says to another... ""Hey, which way to the egg?"" The other sperm replies, ""I'm not sure, but we just passed the tonsils.""
Why was the Rastafarian poor? Because he was jah bless
I had sex for an hour and 45 seconds last night. Thanks daylight savings!
How does the Pope pay for things online? Papal
If I had a dollar for every gender that exists.... I'd have two dollars.
""God's last name is not Dammit."" Unknown
My wife left me because ""I am addicted to video games"".. I was so sad I could hardly console myself
I'm no cactus expert. But, I know a prick when I see one.
What do you give to an elephant who suffering from diarrhea? Space.
When I was a kid I used to ask my my papa... ""Whatcha doin?"" Papa would say, ""I'M MINDING MY OWN DAMN BUSINESS."" Best advice ever.
My credit card was stolen today I don't think I'm gonna do anything about it. So far he's spending way less than my wife does.
It's the point of the night where I either keep my drunk friend from making an ass of herself or just tape it for youtube.
I think it's a shame that young people today no longer even know why we celebrate Halloween. None of us would be here today if Jesus hadn't slain that fucking giant pumpkin.
I broke up with my girlfriend when I found out she only has 4 toes on each foot.... Turns out I'm lack-toes intolerant..
My friend asked me to take a look at something on r/jokes I replied, ""No thanks, I already reddit.""
What do you calla brown guy that asks a lot of question? A curry-ous guy
A Quebecer staying in a hotel in Edmonton phoned room service for some pepper. ""Black pepper, or white pepper?"" asked the concierge. ""Toilette pepper!"" yelled the Quebecer.
There's plenty of fish in the sea(fixed) But until I find one I'm just stuck holding my rod
I like to switch browsers as often as possible. They all prompt to make them the default browser. It feels nice to be fought over.
What is the difference between animal abuse and animal cruelty? . . . The size of your dick.
HR wants me to give myself a self evaluation. This will be the first and last time they make this mistake.
Things I'm doing today * going to the gym * having sex * lying
Trivia Crack is much safer than regular crack, but it will still tear your family apart.
Well, it's getting to that time of year when my wife gets drunk and gives her annual blow job. I hope it's me this year!
Did you hear about that broom on the news?? It's sweeping the nation
Bosses are like diapers... Always on your ass and normally full of shit
Smokey: ""Only you can prevent forest fires"" Me: HOLY SHIT A TALKING BEAR
A police man pulled me over and said ""papers"". So I said ""Scissors! I win"" and drove off
What do you call the National Conference for Bridgebuilders? RubiCon.
If you want to have sex with a frog, use a condom If you want to enjoy it, rib it
What's Alderaan's main export? Dead bodies.
Wait, is Obama our second black President or our first black President again?
ME: Siri listen very carefully. I need you to quietly dial 911, and... SIRI: I HAVE FOUND TWO RESTAURANTS WITHIN 5 MILES OF YOUR LOCATION.
I was dropped on my head as a baby but not as hard as the pound just dropped.
Looks like it's time to start pretending Andy Murray isn't Scottish again...
What do you call a sleepwalking nun ? Roamin' Catholic
Me: I love you Wife: I will testify against you if required
Born too late to explore the earth, born too early to explore the Galaxy... ...born too ugly to explore a woman.
[Calling concert venues across the country] Hi yes, I'm just calling to let you know that on your website you spelled ""weekend"" incorrectly
Drown that bastard! No mercy! Nana please... this is a baptism.
I'm kind of scared. So, last week I swallowed an ice cube whole and I haven't pooped it out yet. I'm getting kinda worried, should I go see a doctor or nah?
Once you stop doing functional programming... You never return
actors kiss each other for like 7 seasons and don't fall in love but when someone holds the door for me i think about it for like 4 months
On which side of the road do you drive? -Left. -Well, that doesn't sound right.
Doctor, how long do I have left to live? - Ten. - Ten what? - Nine.
[no spoiler] Why is the BB unit droid not hungry? Because BB-8
What do you call a cow that gets an abortion? De-calf-inated
How do you recycle a condom? Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it
Sir? the table of hot ladies over there wanted to know what song you were drumming on the bar. they said it seemed very fast and impressive.
What shoes do Ninjas wear? Sneakers!
Men need to stop looking at women as sex objects... They can also cook and clean!
Apparently there's enough room in my mouth to put more than one foot.
The most difficult part about taking a personality test is deciding which personality should take it.
What's the difference between erotic and kinky ? Erotic is when you use a feather
You should skydive without a parachute. It's a once in a lifetime experience.
Apparently 1 in 7 people in the world are Chinese. That means it's either me, my mum, dad, brother Steve, brother Craig, sister hanna, or brother huangxi. I suspect Craig.
What do you get when you mix castor oil with holy water? A religious movement.
My phone died... There won't be any service.
Why did the doctor toss his patient down a well? He tried to kill them.
Never Go Shopping When You Are Hungry. but it's been over a week now and every day I just get hungrier.
What do you call a deaf chick in bed? Anything you want
How was copper wire invented? Two jews found the same penny.
My computer isn't that nervous. It's just a bit ANSI.
what do you call bees on halloween? boo bees
REMINDER: Joe Biden is the only American vice president in the last 15 years who hasn't shot a friend in the face.
Took me forever to find this chronology book. It's about time.
A parakeet that won't shut up equals dinner for fluffy tonight.
What's the difference between a bonus and a penis? A wife will blow a bonus.
You know, I heard listening to Queen has been scientifically proven to give people autism. Apparently because of the unusually high Mercury content.
What does a nosey pepper do? Get jalapeno business.
What did one coconut say to the other? Oh my god a talking coconut!
Why cant a Gorilla get a job? BECAUSE HE'S BLACK
""I like your pushy.""  Sean Connery talking dirty to his woman
What happened to the tree when the lumber jack hit on it? It got all sappy
What do you call a factory that only makes good products? A satisfactory
My parents didnt take me seriously when i came out It was because i couldn't keep a straight face
Do you know what 6.9 is? A good thing screwed up by a period.
A cat eats a slice of swiss cheese... and sits by the mousetrap with baited breath.
You had me at- well, you're breathing and female. That's about the point you had me.
What's the difference between a washing machine and your mom? The last time I dumped a load into the washing machine, she didn't follow me around for a week!
Really Cosmo? 50 tips on how to make your guy h0rny? What the f^ck are the 49 things after ""touch his p*nis
Give a man a fish and he eats for a day. Teach a man to fish... And you are missing out on a lucrative business opportunity.
My dog ate a bunch of Scrabble tiles and now I gotta follow him around the yard because it's his turn
What do the lady reindeer do on Christmas eve? They hit the town and blow a few bucks.
It's crazy how much stuff there is to do on my phone when sitting at a restaurant alone.
Why are the twin towers and genders so similar? Because there used to be 2 of them, but it's offensive to joke about that now.
I waited around all morning for the mailman so I could grab his hand through the mail slot.
Looking at you is getting my dick harder than Chuck Norris
A man had a nose ring fitted into his nose a  friend asked ""how much did you pay for that?"" ""I paid through the nose!"" he replied
gynecologist Q: What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common? A: A wet nose.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear? Denim denim denim.
John supper in spanish is JUAN CENA ^^^^^^^^edit: ^^^^^^^^apparently ^^^^^^^^its ^^^^^^^^juan ^^^^^^^^cena
What do you call a psychic midget that escaped from prison? A small medium at large
Fox News: Trump looks strong! CNN: Hillary should get the win! MSNBC: If you put a buncha hot dogs in a hamburger bun, is that a sandwich???
Why do people choose to become bakers? Because they knead the dough.
Whats green, has six legs and if it falls from a tree it will kill you? A snooker table
What's the difference between a circus and a whore house? My dad didn't meet my mom at a circus or take me their when I turned 5
Why was the snowman's dog called Frost? Because Frost bites.
I'm glad my mom is such a bad cook If my date can eat her meatloaf with a smile, I know they'll swallow anything.
Shamrocks are the most dishonest of all the rocks.
What's the difference between a Zippo and a hippo ? Ones a little lighter
One out of every four people is suffering from some form of mental illness. Check three friends. If they're OK then it's you.
[throwing a party] I invited Judas. That okay? ""Judas from IT, or the guy who betrayed Jesu-"" *loud knock* ""It's the Roman legion. Open up!""
London held a monocle convention for high class members of society... ... it was a respectable spectacle spectacle.
Why did my girlfriend cross the road? To get back to the first shop we went to 4 fucking hours ago!
Just seen an illegal Mexican boy get into a van with a pedophile. Talk about alien vs predator
Donald Trump secretly wants to lose the election? If he wins, he'll have to move into a smaller house in a black neighborhood.
What did Mr. T say when he saw a fat lady at the bar? I don't hate this bar, but I pity the stool.
My neighbor can't understand why he just found human shit on his front porch. I can't understand why he would use a power saw at 5:48 am.
Roofing... That's a bit over the top isn't it?
okay Mary that guy just smiled at you play it cool oh my god he's coming over here play it cool play it cool HI THERE I'M WEARING TWO BRAS
A pony walks into a bar and in a soft and raspy voice says to the bartender, Gimme a beer. The bartender says, Sure buddy, sounds like you got a cough. The pony replies, I'm a little hoarse.
What do you call an unused piano? A keybored
What is a male pirates biggest fear? A sunken chest with no booty.
Q: How do you get a cellist to play fortissimo? A: Write 'pp espressivo'.
Inauguration Limerick by Stephen Colbert There once was a man named Barack Whose re-election came as a shock He raised taxes I pay And turned marriage gay And now he's coming after your Glock
Why did the chicken kill himself To get to the other side
My wife's celebrity ""free pass"" is Paul Rudd, and mine is my wife because yah right like I'm gonna walk into *that* propeller blade.
That uneasy moment when your one night stand thinks otherwise and is anticipating you to change your relationship status.
What do Greek soccer players wear? Soccer tee's
What is worse than being kidnapped by the Talibans? Being rescued by the Americans
I threw a boomerang a few years ago I now live in constant fear
I'm one step away from being rich All I need now is money
Guy in USA:(phone) you ready? Guy in Australia: (phone) hell yeah Both:123 *each drop a piece of bread onto ground* Both: EARTH SANDWICH!
What's blue and gold and comes in brownies? Cub Scouts.
Guy shoots Fake Gun in the air https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Auw8wJVU0l8
The cops came to my door to give me a ticket for a dog at large. They say he was chasing a kid on a bike. I said, ""that's not true, my dog can't ride a bike.""
What did Jesus say to the Eskimos? Many are cold, but few are frozen.
All this darkness is making me feel like Hellen Keller.
What is the difference between a banjo and a trampoline? You don't have to take your shoes off to jump on a banjo.
[3 AM] 5yo: *sobbing* Daddy Me: Ughhh..yes, sweetheart, what's wrong? 5yo: I'm lonely... Me: Then, don't ever get married. 5yo: Ok, Daddy.
Ferguson PD plans on removing all German Shepard k-9 units Turns out Germans aren't the problem. They're going to replace them with coon dogs
How do they play Pokemon Go in Gaza Strip? They grab a round rock from the ground and say: ""Pick-a-jew""!
I hate Russian dolls... They're so full of themselves.
Racecar spelt backwards is racecar But racecar sideways is how Paul Walker died
Heard they circlejerk here in reddit reddit in here circlejerk they heard
A large amount of stormtroopers walk into a bar and orders drinks They all miss the free shots.
Did you hear about Instagram, the weed delivery service? nm was thinking of Instantgram
Why did the cancer patient get smacked? His hand was bigger than his face.
My iPhone's device name is ""Titanic"". It's syncing.
Wanna get together and test the spring potential of my mattress?
My friend texts ""ur"" instead of ""you're"" but puts extra letters in ""so"" because she's ""soooo happy."" This is why everyone hates you, Julie.
Ever have sex while camping? It's fucking in tents!
Why was 7 afraid of 8? Because 8 nined 10.
I make the Transformers sound when I change into sweatpants.
Old age is nothing but a computer with 1000 GB of memory running on a celeron processor
Sometimes I put my workout gear on and watch tv because it's the thought that counts.
My girlfriend left me because I couldn't stop singing Linkin Park. I don't know why it made her so angry, but in the end, it doesn't really matter.
The adult life I imagined as a child involved less laundry and more group dance numbers.
Today I saw 2 blind people fighting. I shouted ""I support the one with the knife.!"" they both ran away.
I was standing outside their school waiting for the kids to finish, when a parent came up and asked ""So which one is yours?"" I replied ""Not sure, haven't decided yet"".
What's the difference between Polio and 9/11? The government actually wanted to stop Polio.
Why was the picture acquitted of the charge for murder? Because it was framed.
The worst reaction I ever got telling a joke was in front of a bunch of crickets.
Why was the origami class cancelled? The school folded.
Q: what's a biologists definition of a graph A: an animal with a long neck
The longer you sleep  the more sleep you need. The more you eat  the bigger is your appetite.
My girlfriend spends all her money on expensive perfumes.. I feel like she has no common scents.
Good news, you survived the horrific car crash. Sadly we couldn't find the other guy's arms but we managed to reattach all four of yours
I'll never forget what my grandmother said to me right before she passed away. She said to me *""What are you doing?!?""*
What do you call a broken boomerang? A stick
What do you call two gay Irishmen? Michael Fitzpatrick...and Patrick Fitzmichael
Unemployment jokes aren't funny They just don't work
Knock Knock Who's there ! Athena ! Athena who ? Athena reindeer landing on your roof !
Why don't women need drivers licenses Because there is no road from the kitchen to the bedroom
What is Mary short for? She has no legs
What do you do when your lawnmower stops working? Deport him
Today I was walking past a car filled with black people and they locked the door when I got close. I felt like a badass until I realized that it was my car.
When an eel bites your thigh... ...as you're just swimming by that's a moray.
A helium atom walks into a bar. The bartender says ""get out, we don't serve your kind here"". The helium atom did not react.
What did the furniture salesman say when he wasn't happy with his haircut? Its a chaise lounge.
Romeo possum: [kissing] You're so hot Juliet possum: [plays dead] Romeo possum: Not cool, babe
I poured my root beer... ... into a square cup, now I'm left with only beer.
What's a pirate's greatest fear on the first date? A sunken chest with no booty.
Why is it called Mother Nature? Because if it were called Father Nature it would be a lot more predictable.
Don't Invite Satan Over To Play Board Games... ...because last time I did it, he took the dice we used to play Monopoly. Now I have a pair of dice lost.
What do you call an Igloo without a toilet ? An Ig !
What did the Mexican say to his dirty friend? Hey Messe
When mad at the hubby, I just tweet about it. I don't sleep with a waitress that looks just like him. I'm talking to you David Arquette.
When Jesus Makes Tea... Hebrews
Dear whoever ate my fries while I was in the ball pit at McDonalds... Not funny, grow up.
What does a pretentious owl say? Whom whom.
My friends made fun of me for buying this flamethrower, but at least I don't have to shovel snow this weekend.
I got a job at an orange juice factory I couldn't concentrate so I was canned
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm? You look for fresh prints.
VW have got in2 trouble 4 falsifying data, apparently this is not d first time the Germans have been found guilty of lying abt gas emissions
Oh, you used ""whom"" in casual conversation. Well, I didn't realize I was in the presence of William Fucking Shakespeare.
Why did the baby cross the road? It was stapled to the chicken.
*looks up from phone* Great, I'm inside of a coffin again.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? A zit will wait until you're twelve before it comes on your face.
How do you know when you are too drunk to drive? When you swerve to miss a tree and then realise it was your air freshener..
If you buy orange juice with ""Some Pulp" it's time to pick a side.
what's the difference between a pitbull and a jewish broad? a pitbull will eventually let it go
Being a stripper is like working at McDonald's.... Covered in oil and questioning your choices after high school.
What's the definition of relative humidity? The sweat that accumulates under your balls when you're fucking you're sister.
You know how I can prove Jesus wasn't black? Because the body of Christ was a cracker!
Saw my neighbor jogging at 1 am. ""It's a little late for you isn't it?"" I said. ""I couldn't sleep" he replied. ""That's not what I meant you fat fuck.""
Netflix is red, Xanax is blue. Put them together for a fun afternoon.
Do you know that horrible feeling of guilt when you eat all your kids candy? Me neither.
Friend: [rubs my shoulder] Aw, honey, your life isn't over. It's just beginning! Me: *sobs even harder
What did Jesus do to lose weight? Crossfit
Don't be a doormat, be an electric fence.
Jesus: Those were the times when I carried you son Me: And when the vending machine ate my dollar? Jesus: That time you bought me a Snickers
I went to the gym the other day... ...I asked the instructor could he teach me to do the splits. How flexible are you? He asked. I can't do Tuesdays. -Tommy Cooper
Practice safe lunch Always use a condiment
Irony. The other day my friend was telling me that I didn't understand what irony was. Which is ironic because we were in a restaurant.
Apparently someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds Poor bastard
Hey beautiful, is your Dad in prison? Because if I was your Father I would be..
What do they call the Hulk when he has an erection? Bruce Boner.
What did one computer CPU say to the other after getting hit? Ow! That megahertz!
Capitalism is horrible Buy my book to find out why!
Why was the little mountain dying? Because he was terminally hill.
When someone tells me they're a bodybuilder, I always ask ""Not the Dr. Frankenstein kind, right?"" because you can never be too careful.
What do you call a hippie astronaut? A far out man
What do you call a blind deer? No-eye-deer. What do you call a blind dead deer? Still no-eye-deer. What do you call two blind deer that died while having sex? Still no-fucking-eye-deer.
Master Yoda, what sound do sheep make? Yoda: ""Dey go bah""
You didn't like it. I was gunna tell u a joke about my time machine
Ain't no party like a Neal Brennan party cuz Neal Brennan quietly resents you for making a mess.
Please stop throwing my only possession. ~dogs everywhere
Why do dogs bury bones in the ground ? Because you can't bury them in trees !
Why should you never go down on a girl the morning after a night of sex? ..ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
What's a joke? My life...
You hear about that roman ruler who found the fountain of youth? Emperor constant teen.
Clinton lied. A man might forget where he parks or where he lives, but he never forgets oral sex, no matter how bad it is.
What do you call an angry pirate? A Pirate (A mix between Pirate and Irate)
Did you hear a med school is accepting animals as students? They're calling it the hippocampus.
*posts selfie with full makeup and 3 filters* Caption: I'm so sick, I feel like dog crap & I look sooooo gross
I like my woman like I like my coffee Served at 160F.
I had sex with your mom A sandwich
Say what you want about paedophiles... ... at least they drive slowly through school zones.
Did you hear about the new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines!
What is the smallest part of a little person? Their wee-knees!
Best Hitler Joke That I've Heard Me: ""Hitler Killed 5 million Jews and a Penguin."" Friend: ""What? A Penguin?"" Me: ""See, no one wants to know about the Jews.""
When Chuck Norris goes to out to eat, he orders a whole chicken, but he only eats its soul.
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working? You hit her
Did you hear about the new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
The only thing between me & a killing spree is the fact that I'd have to poop in front of people in prison.
Santa is nearby... I can sense his presents
How to become a The Fray fan in easy steps - Step 1: You say, ""We need to talk...""
What do you call a dinosaur with too much power? A tyrant-osaurus rex! &amp
My grandparents were vaporised in a freak accident They will be mist... :'(
What's the difference between the Joker and Ronald McDonald? The Joker only killed people in Gotham City.
Shoutout to sidewalks! For keeping me off the streets...
French-related joke (semi nsfw) When does a Frenchman get his morning wood? A bonne heure.
What do you call a nerd after highschool? Boss
How many fishermen does it take to change a  light bulb? One but you should have seen the bulb it must have been THIS big.
Q: What's faster than a black man stealing a T.V? A: His brother running with the V.C.R
I was a pilot at 10 years old... It's true! My brother would chop it and I'd pile it.
What do you call a cardboard belt? A waist of paper. -- ^(Credit: Shadow Warrior fortune cookie)
Why are black people unfair? Because they're unfair.
The Chinese have the best Democracy in the World They have tiny elections every few hours. 
I was the top student at Ninja school, but I failed because they kept marking me absent.
What does Santa Claus and Jared from Subway have in common? They both leave kid's homes with empty sacks.
2-year-old: *points to my belly* Baby! Me: Yep, there's a baby in there! Will you love it? 2: I eat it. Well that escalated quickly.
I hate it when I mentally undressing someone and my OCD kicks in and I start folding their clothes.
They say jokes lessen tragedy Is that why my parents became comedians after having me?
My dog can eat more condoms than your honor student.
How do you make a woman scream for an hour after sex? You wipe your dick with her pillow
I have separation anxiety so I date a boomerang. It always comes back to me.
John Cena wakes up in a hospital Cena:""Where am I?"" Nurse:""ICU"" Cena:""No you don't ""
How do you make Lady Gaga cry? You kill her family.
On your first day in the hospital kick the ass of the sickest motherfucker in there
If a boy put rose petals all over my bed I'd be like you're cleaning this up I'm not cleaning this up
Stop poking me on Facebook uncle Brian it's not cute anymore
How do you stop an Armenian tank? You shoot the guys pushing it.
England football manager Roy Hodgson has just announced that he's won the competition for ""Scotland's favourite Englishman.""
I recently bought some shoes from a drug dealer... I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
Two guys are talking in a bar... About their wives. The first man proudly tells the other '""My wife's an angel!"" to which the other man replies, ""You're lucky, mine's still alive.""
Did you know you can tell what kind of area you're driving in by the bumps in the road? A few big bumps means you should probably slow down. Lots of little bumps means you're in a school zone.
I am the worst writer in the world until I finish writing, at which point I immediately become a goddamn genius. This is relatable content.
If a hipster falls in the forest and no one's around to hear it does it make a sound? Yeah, but you've probably never heard it
Vladimir Putin's Anthem Q. What is Russia's current Anthem? A. ""Putin on the Blitz""
I finally got my hands on a sign language translator. It comes in really handy.
What do you call 32 white people locked in a closet? A captive Cherokee.
I'm a spitting image of Ryan Gosling. Like if Ryan Gosling were to spit and look at his reflection in it, that would be me.
What grey has a wand huge wings and gives money to elephants ? The tusk fairy !
Wet T-shirt contestant asks former contest winner: Any pointers?
What did the police officer say to Tom Brady during a routine traffic stop? Your tires are low.
Why did the baker have brown hands? Because he 'kneaded' a shit.
Ok, don't let them know you're a puma Interviewer: We're very impressed! You've got the job! ""REALLY!?! I'M SO HAPPY I JUST PUMA PANTS""
What does Michael Jackson and an xbox have in common? They are both made of plastic and get turned on by children!
Barista: name? Benedict Cumberbatch: Benedict Cumberbatch Barista [writes ""Benedict Cumberbatch""] Benedict Cumberbatch: holy shit
My kitchen timer broke..good thing I wasn't counting on it.
I was born in California."" ""Which part?"" ""All of me.""
What's the best way for an American to lose weight? Gamble in British currency.
One reason my boyfriend likes The Big Bang Theory so much is that he says the title always reminds him of when we f**k.
One of the rudest things you can do is make eye contact with someone eating McDonald's in their car.
How do you tell a male chromosome from a female chromosome? You pull down its genes!
Why is Edward still in Russia? He's Snowden.
Funny one liner: My dick is so big that my girlfriend use it as a selfie stick My dick is so big that my girlfriend use it as a selfie stick
There is no way Hollywood could remake Scream for millennials because, none of them would answer the phone.
10 years ago parents were like ""be careful what you put on the web"" and we were all ""lol. old people."" now none of us can ever be President.
*robs craft store with hot glue gun*
Why did the vacuum get a raise? Because it sucked at its job.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
Socialism jokes are only funny... ...if everybody gets them.
My Wife Saw Me Licking A Yogurt Lid And Said ""Why Don't You Lick Me Like That?"" ""Because Yogurt Tastes Better"" The Divorce Is Next Tuesday
I baked my girlfriend something for Valentine's Day It was a creampie
So I walked into a pub with some of the lads... Oh wait hang on I don't have a social life.
To the first person who took their picture with their phone at the bathroom mirror, you are a pioneer. We salute you.
What's the world's sexiest phone number extension? 6969
Why aren't there any Walmarts in Afghanistan? Because there is a target on every corner.
Complaints via email or texts should be called ""Read Whine""
I've always sucked at math! How many people should there be in a relationship?
*buys 8 first class tickets, fills all of them with infants and toddlers* Me, from way back in coach: *cups hands* SUCK IT RICH PEOPLE
When someone asks how I feel, I always answer ""Squishy and like I've done something wrong""
My wife is driving me to drink. I hope she remembers to pick me up when I'm done.
What does a cannibal get when he comes home late to dinner? The cold shoulder.
Jubilee is a mutant who can shoot sparks from her hands, and spontaneously destroy electronics by touching them... So she's basically like my mom, if my mom could shoot sparks from her hands.
Bumped into a friend of mine the other day. He was wearing camouflage.
Long-time lurker, first time poster and I had this really great gay joke I wanted to share with you guys Butt Fuck it.
Wonderbra tried to defend there new bra today. But it didn't hold up in court.
What kind of cars do shellfish drive? Mussel cars.
What's the difference Between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with a boob job. One is a crusty bus station the other is a busty crustacean.
What do you call a cannibal that only eats disabled people? A Vegetarian
Lionel Richie: I'm easy like Sunday morning Sunday morning: wow I'm right here
When a necrophiliac goes to a funeral... He gets mourning wood.
How do you weigh a hipster? In Instragramm
The owl knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a toostie-roll-pop. Chuck Norris knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a 5,000 pound boulder.
[job interview] ""Tell me one of your long term goals"" Sleeping ""No, I meant-"" *leans in way too close* My answer isn't going to change
I had the left side of my body cut off... But I'm all right. EDIT: I just realize that whether the left was cut from the right or the right from the left is a matter of sincere argument.
What do gay cow's eat? Hayyyyyyy
Riding a horse can be difficult. You could always choose to ride a mule instead... but that would be half-assed.
EXPLORER 1: *looking at ancient symbols in pyramid* It says ""Here lies updog"" EXPLORER 2: What's updog? EGYPTIAN SPIRITS: Lol
What song would Kendrick Lamar sing if he was Native American? ""Bitch don't kill my tribe.""
What's invisible and smells like carrots? Rabbit Farts
Today a cartoonist was found dead at home. Details are sketchy.
What Do You Call an Epileptic in a Pile of Leaves? Russell
""Brian did you remove some of the thread from your shirt logo?"" Me: [clearly enjoying people calling me the Hug Boss] what? No probably not
I like my women like I like my wine... 18 years old and locked in my basement
Say what you want about Cannibals but they have a great taste in people.
Never take ecstasy with a squirrel named... hey, squirrel dude, what's your name? Charles? Never take ecstasy with a squirrel named Charles.
A man walks into a bar.... ...and spectacularly fails at Limbo.
I think it's funny how I can sleep right through my blaring alarm clock but I'll wake up to the slightest phantom vibrations from my phone.
If you are wondering how many ketchup packets you can put in a Holiday Inn hot tub before people stop going in, the answer is 9.
Yo Mama So Fat... ...it took the Large Hadron Collider to weigh her atoms.
Did you know an NFL player was the first to land on the moon? He planted a flag, but a ref came by and picked it back up.
What's Asian on top and black on bottom? IQ distribution graph
People who live in glass houses must have to clean up a lot of dead birds.
[Snail Court] Snail Lawyer: Permission to approach the bench, Your Honor? Snail Judge: I'm sorry
Millions of people are killed every year because they didn't check behind the shower curtain first. Be smart. Peep before you poop.
Saying Romney would handle the economy better is like saying ... ... one of your friends is ""good with women"" because he's a convicted rapist.
I saw a Chinese baby and a black kid wave at each other this morning. Gives me hope for the future. Or at least another Rush Hour movie
Do you know why there's no Apple wireless charger? Because they can't decide what exactly should break there.
Kissing the back of someone's neck is a sensuous thing to do. Unless it's a stranger in a queue in Primark.
This morning I found out the terrible news about David Bowie, He released a new album.
So Steven Hawking walks into a bar...
If I had $10 for every time someone called me racist... Black people would rob me.
I came home from work and finally caught the filthy bitch red handed. So I asked my daughter to please wash her hands if she masturbates on her period.
Why do people from Finland who lack passports never win? ...they can't cross the Finnish line!
""Do you want to hear a really good Batman impression?"" ""Go on then"" ""NOT THE KRYPTONITE!"" ""That's Superman"" ""Thanks, I've been practicing.""
I don't always give her an orgasm, but when I do.. She spits it back at me.
LOIS LANE: *pulls back from kissing* clark your glasses are hurting my nose can you take them off CLARK KENT: no
Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a peeing zone in a swimming pool.
What kind of file do you need to turn a 8mm hole into a 40mm hole? A pedophile
When did 888 equal zero???? When Eight ate eight
At school: Slutty girl: ugh my throat really hurts. Me: I bet your knees do too. Her: what Me: what
I take off my blindfold. Before me is a gory tableau of death and destruction, bodies strewn across the landscape. The pinata is unscathed.
People need to realize that racism is a complicated is a complicated issue It isn't just black and white
what do you call the people who were protecting a van? the vanguard
Angry feminist told me that men are animals, men are pigs! So I told her that women are equal to men.
ME: I made you some coffee! It's even double filtered... fancy right? WIFE: ME: WIFE: couldn't separate the coffee filters could you? ME: no
Can fish get high on seaweed?
Boxed In There was a young girl from Peru Who filled her vagina with glue. She said with a grin, ""If they pay to get in, They'll pay to get out of it, too.""
I tried saving a cat in a tree but the darn thing wouldn't accept Jesus.
I should probably do some housework before they try to film the next Febreeze commercial here.
How are having sex in a canoe and American beer alike? They're both fuckin' close to water
What do you call a dog with no legs? You don't call him anything because he won't come running anyhow.
I'm at an age where I don't spring into action. I dead of winter into action.
Wife: Did you pay the mortgage yet? Me: Do you think surfers in India are called Hindudes? Wife: What? Me: What? Communication is hard
Which real-life dictator was the most fun? Napoleon BonaPARTAY!!!
Jazz is in my blood You could say I've got deep vein trombonses.
Wanna see new features on your TV that you never knew existed? Let a baby play with the remote for about 12 seconds.
[5 year old tugs on pant leg] Daddy if time stops at the speed of light then photons aren't actually moving, so is everything we see a lie?
Ladies: The ""silent treatment"" is not a punishment. Try the ""sit next to him and cry and or frown excessively treatment"" instead.
Why do pterodactyls use the bathroom so quietly? Because their p is quiet.
I learned how to train my cat to go woof All it takes is petrol and matches. *wooooooof*
It doesn't matter if it's fight club or book club or some other kind of club, I guarantee I don't want to talk about it.
Lost my car keys so I'm forcing the guy at Home Depot to make me new ones based on what I remember about them.
I always hoped my kids wouldn't have to suffer the same things I had to. Then Michael Bolton comes back....
What does a cell that's full of shit do? Lyse.
[I wake up next to a fishing net full of salmon] But that means... [Cut to fisherman at sea, with my dreamcatcher full of howling goblins]
True self control is waiting until the movie starts to eat your popcorn.
Did you hear that Jesus starred in a porn? it was called ""the second cumming""
What's the quickest way to get to the airport? Terminal Velocity. [:D](http://instantrimshot.com/index.php?sound=rimshot&amp
What do you get when you cross the Queen and Prince Charles? Dead in a tunnel.
I just want to have the poker face of a toddler that tells you that they didn't poop their pants.
I'm an expert at killing flies I'm a member of the SWAT team
Why did the thoroughbred break up with the wild horse? Because she was looking for a stable relationship.
*I reach for the thermostat* *my dad runs in barking* *neighbor's dad starts barking* *within seconds all the neighborhood dads are barking*
What does my cat and Donald Trump have in common? Neither of them pay taxes
Q: What's the best way to keep milk from turning sour? A: Leave it in the cow.
Some people should put professional victim on their resume
Why did a seal go to the bar? .... Because he didn't want to go clubbing.
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, because the cops are just gonna beat the walls for being black.
My wife and I lost 150lbs combined! So if you see our twins wandering around please let us know!
[Jedi Academy] Why do you want to be Jedi? [Imagines using 'the force' to steal everyone's cats and building a cat army] To keep the peace
What kind of bees make milk? Boo-bees ( . ) ( . )
What's Bernie Sanders's favorite insurance company? Progressive *this just popped up in my head while in the shower. If already posted I apologize in advance*
ISSUE: is the road runner wile e coyote's son FOR: thhey, seem to respect each other, on some level AGAINST: one of them is a dog
Did you know that 2 x 10 is the same 2 x 11 One is twenty and the other is twenty two.
How do you reload a cardboard gun? With paper clips.
Foreigners suck... They blatantly disregard the ""i before e except after c"" rule.
Google Glass, for everyone who's ever thought, ""I like that browser so much, I want it on MY FACE""
My mom just got me off of work early. I love when she comes by the office. *Literally just happened
Did you know that 50% of the Chinese have cataracts? The rest drive rincolns.
My boss told me to have a good day... So I went home.
Why did the plant cross the road? Cus it was being stalked!
Why do men with prostate issues have issues stealing video game systems? Because they have trouble taking a Wii.
Election There was an election in New York.
Survival Tip: When flipping off your wife behind her back... Make sure she's not standing in front of a mirror.
Anjelica Huston got married to the inventor of autocorrect and now her legal name is Ageless Ice Houseboat.
Did U hear they're remaking 'Dirty Dancing' & Miley Cyrus is gonna play the abortion.
Gluten-free, low salt, no sugar all-natural whole grain bread? The only thing ""natural"" about this product is the urge to get away from it.
Kim Kardashian wore white at her wedding. That's it. That's the joke.
Jimmy how many more times must I tell you to come away from that cookie tin? No more mom. It's empty.
Stop giving me life advice, people who don't know how crocodiles have sex.
Hey Facebook, I really don't care that a friend of mine commented on someone else's status or photo.
What do Will and Jaden Smith like about today? It's After Earth Day.
A local farmer just received an award from the city. It was for being outstanding in his field.
Thinking about wearing Uggs this summer? Just remember that blonde girl in the movie 'Taken'. She wore Uggs during the summer and died.
TT: At sunday dinner I like to perform an impromptu puppet show with the roast chicken. This week it's my interpretation of Die Hard 2.
What does Pluto have up on Palestine? At least Pluto exists
What's the worst part about being a beaver? It's a lot of dam work.
Have you seen that new film about a tractor? Me neither, just saw the trailer.
Why did the piglets get in trouble in their biology class? They ate all the specimens.
Why did the condom fly across the room? Because it was pissed off. (Also sorry)
How do you get a drummer off of your porch? pay for the pizza.
Biologist screws up: Mutant killer virus Physicist screws up: Deadly black hole Geologist screws up: Rock on table is now rock on floor
Dude: You got a light? Me: Sure. *hand him a flashlight* Dude: I mean for my cigarette. Me: Yeah, he can use it.
I'm pretty gullible Or at least what they tell me
[picks up date] *slides over hood of car* *slides off car onto another car* *slides off that one onto another car* *date looks at her watch*
If you had one dollar and you asked your father for another how many dollars would you have? One dollar.  You don't know your arithmetic. You don't know my father !
Who is the richest painter? Manet.
Why was the manipulative ghost so unsuccessful? People could see right through him.
98% of all band-aids are used to cover up a child's melodramatic bullshit.
Famous people could rob banks wearing masks of themselves and they'd never get caught.
Have you heard about the shampoo crisis in jamaica? It's dreadful
I'm going as president Obama for Halloween this year. I'll tell you you're getting different candy, but it will be the same candy from last year.
Do you know what a gay snake sounds like? Tthhhhhhh
If I ask my mom to take a picture for me with my phone there is a 99% chance it will be a video of me yelling ""IT'S THE BUTTON ON FRONT!""
Most people go talk to a therapist, family, or friends to get shit off their chest... ...I however just go take a shower.
What is the linguistic description of sentences like 'ho ho ho' and 'merry Christmas'? They are both santa clauses.
I know lawyers aren't people. They stand in court all day and say ""I object""
Sometimes you have to cook ur own food and jerk off in front of your girl to show her that she can be replaced.
How do you know when a singer is at the door? First they don't know when to come in, and then they can't find the key.
What do you call a person with no nose or body? Nobody nose!
A friend was telling me about quantum mechanics and I told her how I hate it when the safety seal on ketchup leaves that clear film behind.
I JUST CONSUMED SO MUCH SUGAR THAT I FEEL ALL SHOUTY IN MY HEAD AND CAPS LOCKY AND HOLY CRAP HOW DO PEOPLE DO ACTUAL DRUGS
If I see under 30s getting married, I want to kiss them for their optimism and punch them for their stupidity.
I once lost my watch at a party... I saw a guy stepping on it while sexually harassing a girl. I walked up to the dude, and punched him in the nose. No one does that to a girl... Not on my watch.
Irreplaceable - Beyonce. I can have another you by tomorrow.
Why do you get arrested for walking into an army base unauthorised in the USA? Because Obama doesn't like anyone sneaking in his barracks.
Why is Oedipus against profanity? He kisses his mother with that mouth
What's black and never works? Decaf coffee, you racist bastard.
AOL has been hacked. Users have also been asked to check their Atari settings for possible compromise.
The first time I used an elevator it was really uplifting Then it brought me down
LOST DOG: 4 year old border collie. Still living at home but doesn't know what to do with his life.
My really jacked friend shockingly ran out of protein powder today. He told me and I was like, No Whey
What kind of bear dissolves in water? A polar bear.
Did you hear about the dumb father who got up and struck a match to see if he had blown out the candle?
I keep thinking diarrhoea is part of the family history. Because it's in my genes.
What's the most beautiful thing in mathematics? A cute angle
Attention people who aren't employees: you should wash your fucking hands too.
How do you become really unpopular on Reddit? Tell someone they reposted.
How does JK Rowling text her friends that she's just kidding :(
Want to know the secret to killing two birds with one stone? Throw it twice.
How do you quiet a gay baby? Stick a pacifier up its ass
What do you call a frozen terrorist? A isilcle
GUYS! You'll never guess what I just did for a Klondike Bar! I took my wallet out of my back pocket and gave the cashier $1.29, plus tax.
The difference between a wife and a mistress? The mistress says ""Oh, darling - that was *wonderful*!"", and the wife says ""Beige. I think we'll paint the ceiling beige...""
How do you fit 4 guys on a bar stool? Turn it upside-down. But how do you get them off? Shake the stool. ^(OK, I'll leave now.)
Did you hear about the boy born without eyelids? The doctors said they could give the boy eyelids made out of his foreskin. The only problem is that he would be a little cockeyed.
Morning wood starts the best fire.
Her: I think my IUD came loose and is floating around in there Me: C'mere, I drop my guitar pick in the sound hole all the time, no problem
TIFU by insulting a one-armed foreigner visiting my town. I called him a tourist.
My wife gives me sound advice. 99%Sound,1%Advice.
The Pope is hardly the first person to lose interest in their real job so soon after joining Twitter.
Which came first, the chicken or the egg? Nevermind, I just boiled the egg.
""Said no one ever."" -Said everyone on Twitter.
Wife walks up to husband and asks for money Wife: I need some money to buy a bra Husband: do you think you have breasts big enough to buy a bra? Wife: when you bought boxers, did I say anything?
Why is the alphabet of a pirate incomplete ? Because they lost an I.
If all the 7 days were to get in a fight, who would win? Either Saturday or Sunday, because all others are week days.
Still a lotta racism down south. Just today I saw some asshole on his whiteberry.
Me: Push! Grandkids: But, you're heavy. Me: What did the sign say? Grandkids: No children in shopping cart :(( Me: Rules are rules.
Let me tell you why going outside is not safe. Because chances are after a few days you end up retweeting a joke about yourself.
What's the difference between the Olympic long distance race and the Paralympic long distance race? A lap
FUCK YEAH I GOT A CRIMINAL RECORD *smooth criminal blasts an i bust out sick mj moves* ""congrats sir u are now manager of this kfc/taco bell
Chuck Norris's tears cure cancer... Too bad he has never cried.
Never take for granted someone that can make you smile or the fact that you have something to smile about.
I wanted to buy some literature on DIY shelving Sounds easy, but try going into a book store and asking if they have ""any books on shelves""
I sat next to this attractive Thai girl on the train... I kept thinking *don't get an erection*,*don't get an erection*, but she did.
My fortune cookie message read : ""You appeal to a small, select group of confused people"" .... Uh huh ....
Every wife should understand one thing: a dinner will taste better if she cooks it less frequently.
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff... ...ba dum tss!
I used to be a halogen but then I took a proton to the Ne
Your x-ray showed a broken rib, but we fixed it with photoshop.
Life is like a game of bridge If you don't have a good partner, you better have a good hand
I just made myself a sandwich... which, if I'm understanding Twitter law correctly... makes me my own bitch.
Never give yourself a haircut after three margaritas.
My new year's resolution is 640 x 480 This NYE I'm going out and getting fucking pixelated.
Why did Hitler struggle to eat his Chinese food? Because he ordered the chow mein Kampf.
This joke isn't funny. What do you say when the punchline's told first?
I was talking to a North African girl in her native language for hours. We just clicked.
Choose your friends carefully, They are the ones who tag you in photos.
what does donald trump do with the nuclear missiles when he doesn't want to have them anymore fire them
Guys who go see 50 Shades of Grey... Do you all remain seated an extra 30 min after the movie's done? 
Arial walked into a bar. The bartender said ""We don't serve your type here.""
I was looking for the sun at night, and then it dawned on me.
Mirror inspector Now that's a job I could really see myself doing
Martin Shkreli has been arrested. Bail will be set, then quickly raised to an amount he can't possible afford.
Names of Groups A group of crows is called a 'Murder' of crows. A group of cats is called a 'Glaring' of cats. What do you call a group of Lexus cars? A fortune!
This joke is missing a climax Just like your girlfriend.
My girlfriend talks to her dog like it's going to talk back. Kind of like when Christians talk to God.
If Hitler wanted to keep the Jews out of Germany He should have just charged admission
What do you call a family that runs a gas station? Pump kin.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it. Bahaha.
What do you call five Mexicans drowning at the bottom of their pool? Cinco.
SNL contacted me about being a writer, and I was like ""Pfft. I got my own gig"" and they were like ""BEEP BEEP BEEP"" because my alarm went off
What happened when Jesus went to mount Olive? Popeye fucking smacked him one.
Emailing professors be like Me: *polite greeting, multiple paragraphs, perfect grammar* Professor: ""sure"" -sent from my iPhone
I'm no cactus expert, but I know a prick when I see one.
George stops at red light... A beautiful blonde stops just beside him. George pull down his window. She also pull down her window. George smiles and asks with a grin on his face "" you also farted?""
I think Sarah Jessica Parker quit the church when the minister giggled & said, ""Let us bray.""
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 plowed 6 in the ass
(NEW YEARS) what did the rabbi say on New year's. ""f#ck that, happy **Jew** years!!""
Me:*delete pics* IPhone: you sure? M:Yes IP: Ok I'll just put them over here Me:delete them IP: Ok *whispers* keeping them on the cloud tho
I quit the mafia to become a housekeeper Now I'm a maid man.
I've got 40 raisins in my savings account ...oh no wait, that's my currant account.
Ted Cruz takes his religious values very seriously He always pulls out before finishing
A Native American just published a novel Critics consider it a Seminole work.
I had sex in French class once. She was on *la verge* of cumming.
Did you hear about the dyslexic pimp? He bought a Warehouse.
Give your tweets a CB radio feel by adding the word, over at the end. Over.
About women... There's only 1 word beginning with B you should ever call a woman, and that's ""beautiful"" - bitches fucking love being called beautiful.
I need your best NSFW joke, before our coffee break!
I spent all day replacing the muffler on my car It was exhausting
The hardest part about being a photographer is deciding which half of my picture to ruin with my giant ugly company watermark.
What do you call the first Irish woman ever created? A McRib
Eleven: We're not allowed to wear spaghetti straps at school. The straps must be at least 2 inches wide. Six: Oh yeah, lasagna straps.
2012 finally we know ...
I politely asked a woman on my flight if she could put her kid in the overhead compartment & she looked at me like I was crazy or something.
Why do computer programmers confuse Christmas and Halloween? Because OCT 31 = DEC 25.
a seemingly perfect utopia immediatley becoms a dystopia when u find out evryone refers to eachother by watever their first email adress was
You are what you eat. *eats Ryan Gosling* *crosses fingers*
The pet groomer didn't appreciate the 10 dollar bill I slid across the table to give my dog the ""happy ending"".
I ordered a Pizza the other day, When she read the order back to me she said, ""So, you have one thick sausage, anything else? I looked her dead in the eye and replied, ""Yes, I also ordered a pizza.""
Irreconcilable differences The judge says to Mickey, ""I can't grant you a divorce because you think Minnie is crazy."" ""I didn't say she was crazy" says Mickey, ""I said she was fucking Goofy!""
Our baby's new nickname is Assad... ..because he keeps assaulting us with gas that is definitely in violation of the Chemical Weapons Convention.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Briony ! Briony who ? Briony beautiful sea !
Why is 77 better then 69? Because you get eight more!
If any pandas are reading this: neat!
MURDERER: *while murdering me* I feel like you're not taking this seriously. ME: *eating a Belgian waffle* Wut?
""It's our third date and you still wear that shirt?"" Honey, this all they have in prison.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the picture.
Eskimo What does an Eskimo girl say before she is about to lose her virginity? ""Careful Dad, don't squish my smokes.""
How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb? Not 6. My basement is still dark.
I can never tell the difference between your/you're/Asians
If you assume all turtlenecks have sleeves, prepare to have your world rocked when this jacket comes off.
A time traveler walks into a bar. The bartender says, ""We don't serve time travelers in here."" A time traveler walks into a bar.
Uppercuts a horse. Creates the first girrafe.
My goal is just to find someone I can comfortably hate everything with for the rest of my life.
How my dad taught me how to button my suit coats. He said *""Think of it like a woman
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalotapus
If you want world peace, your army should be made up of massage therapists. I mean, who could fight while getting a relaxing massage?
How do you kill Donald Trump? You gotta guess for this one hint: it's in the name? It's a TRUMPet
Parallel lines have so much in common. It's a shame they'll never meet.
My boss is coming to my grandad's funeral tomorrow. He said, after his 3 previous funerals he personally wants to see him go in the ground
Welcome to the school of hard knocks... You'd better hope your front door can take it!
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway
How do you make a dead baby float? Nail a piece of styrofoam to its head.
Life is basically just a constant effort to not be disgusting.
What does Putin say during his new years speech? Don't know but its so scary that they drink for ten days straight right after!
Apparently saying ""If you think your wife is fat now, wait till she has the baby"" is not a good way to congratulate someone.
Just shook a piece of cellophane off my finger and now I'm exhausted.
Did i ever tell you the story about how I climed mount everest? I made it up
Olive Garden really does make you feel like family. Last time I went there my server told me a racist joke & asked why I wasn't married yet.
My my most hated typo is is when I double double words. My second most hated leave out words. Then there subject verbs agreement from edits.
Yo Momma so ugly.. She look like Darth Vader naked.
[META] banned phrase suggestion Can we get an auto removal / deletion on any joke that has ""sorry"" at the end? Nothing kills a joke for me like having someone apologize for it.
YOU'LL GO BLIND When we were young teens, we were told not to masturbate or you'll go blind. I always thought that was a joke until I heard about what happened to Bill Cosby
A man walks into a seafood shop carrying a trout under his arm. ""do you make fish cakes?"" ""Yes we do"" replies the fishmonger... ""Great"" says the man, it's his birthday""
What do you call an orthodox jew that is prone to heartburn? Acidic. [My apologies]
I think the Ice Bucket Challenge is a giant waste of water *falls asleep in the shower for 2 hours*
Dear girls that go tanning, it's called 'sunkissed', it's not called 'dorito raped'.
if going to church has taught me anything, it is that Catholics hate unexpected pterodactyl impressions
How much for the sentient racist skeleton? ""Sir, that's Ann Coulter...""
Trump has just been debriefed about the aliens in area 51 he wants them deported immediately
My Asian girlfriend says that a small dick is no problem, although I'd prefer if she didn't had one.
Knock knock Who's there? Atch. Atch who? Bless you.
(interview for construction job) Foreman: Your resume is just pictures of LEGOs? Me: (proudly) Didn't even have to look at the instructions
Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs? A paraplegic in a house fire.
I call bullshit on vampires that look all sexy and shit when they can't even see their reflection
What should you do if you're in the jungle and come upon a tiger? Say you're sorry, wipe him off, and run.
I've got two right here for ya Who are the easiest kids to pick on? Orphans. Who are they going to tell, their parents? Jews should feel lucky. They got their grandparents cremated for free!
What does Arizona name Colorado? Border Collie
A depressed man walked into a bar... He told the bartender to give him his best shot
You know what they say about camping... It's in tents!
A truck just flipped a dead squirrel onto my windshield and it's stuck in my wiper. I guess I don't have to stop to get supper tonight.
What do you call a racist cereal? Special KKK
What's the difference between America any yogurt? If you leave yogurt alone for 300 years, it develops a culture.
What's the difference between Justin Bieber and a birth certificate? A birth certificate states the sex.
My driving teacher asked me where the gas is: ""Second door on the right.""
girls love us tall guys but as soon as we use our height to ""constantly slam dunk on them and their loved ones"" they stop replying to texts
A mosquito landed on my wife's face... Easiest decision of my life.
What's the driest joke you ever heard of? Your mom's pussy
A blonde joke... Donald Trump.
Fetty Wapp was fired from 3 cashier jobs before turning to rap music No matter what items were scanned through, the total always came up to $17.38
Divorce Mickey - I want a divorce Minnie - Are you fucking crazy? Mickey - No.. I'm fucking Daisy!
I changed my buddies auto correct, so when he types ""Got it"" it actually types ""Go tit""
Forget the fad diets, I'm gonna lose weight the old fashioned way - by not having enough money for food.
What's black and blue and doesn't like sex? The ten year old boy in my basement.
People: why do dogs bark at the mail man every single day Dogs: the mailman has literally never gotten in how do you not see what I'm doing
jok Teacher: Maria please point to America on the map. Maria: This is it. Teacher: Well done. Now class, who found America? Class: Maria did.
You don't know pissed off until she tells you to go sleep on the couch, an you take all the covers with you.
gardens are insane. ""Oh that's just my box of dirt that pushes food at me very slowly.""
How come sheeps don't fly........... Because they are scared of the Airwolf.
I don't get laid on Saturdays. The last two words were unnecessary.
What's the best part about sleeping with twenty five year olds? There's twenty of them.
Don't read ""part a"" backwards. It's a trap.
I get that preschoolers go to bed early but it's still weird that Nick Jr becomes a hardcore porn channel every night at 8.
Knock, Knock! Who's There? Alzheimer's! Alzheimer's who? Knock, Knock!
What type of pants do you need to start a car? Cargo pants
Pro tip: Before you tell her that you love her, make sure you're not horny, drunk, lonely, desperate, sad, angry, bored or hungry.
What do you call a homeless Italian man? Giovanni Change
A Blonde Walks Into A Bar... she says ""OUCH"".
I'm not the kind of guy to distance myself from anything... Far from it.
When one door closes, another opens. Also, you can open the closed door. That's how doors work. How do you know so little about doors?
Whenever I have sex, it's a race to see who comes first. Me or the police.
centipede: *trips* *but for like, an hour*
What is a physicist's favorite type of pants? Massless chaps
""My wife and I were happy for 20 years. Then we met.""
Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection except for one. He's never gonna give you Up.
My wife went into labor this morning and I was excited until I saw that it's somebody's birthday on FB that I didn't like.
A woman is a lot like an oven You gotta warm her up first but then you can put your meat inside.
Whites are just like Asians, but with a cock
He said I reminded him of the girl from The Ring. We laughed and laughed, and then I put an axe in his back and ate his soul.
Why did the tin man go to hell? Because he's a sinner.
My one and only joke. Two olives are sitting at a bar, one falls off and the other one says ""Ahhh are you ok?"" And the one that fell is like ""Yeah, olive.""
What do you call an elevator full of white people? A box of crackers.
Judge : Anything you say in this court will be held against you. Man : ""Titties"" Lawyer : Fuck.. He's good
When somebody asks for directions I just say ""follow your heart"" and drive away.
I have a relative who died in a concentration camp.... He fell off the guard tower.
""I think I have ADHD, doc"" why? ""I keep forgetting where I parked my Ford"" that's not- ""yeah I keep losing my Focus"" get out of my office
A Chinese man goes to the doctor because of failing eyesight. DR. ""Mr. wong it looks like you have a cataract."" Mr. Wong "" No no I drive Rincon.""
Drunk girls click ""reply all"" when they talk.
I got a new vacuum that sucks so much, it was directed by M. Night Shamalayan
Unscramble these words! 1.) PNEIS 2.) HTIELR 3.) NGGERI 4.) BUTTSXE Did you get SPINE, LITHER, GINGER and SUBTEXT?
Parent/Child conversation tweets are always so cute & sweet! Thought I'd try one: 18: Can I borrow the car? Me: No Wasn't that adorable?!
What did the mayor say after the townsfolk told him that they used the watering hole to take dumps? Well shit.
So a finch asks his mother... ""Mom, why does my beak look different than yours?"" She replies, ""Well son, I hate to break it to you, but you're adapted.""
I'm in a band called ""Transportation"". We're going places.
Superman and Batman probably had a lot of ""capes in the toilet water"" accidents when they went to take a dump.
*bumps into cute girl while typing on calculator* oops! got a bit carried away inventorying my lizards *makes sure she sees the 99999999999*
What do Angels fans and gay men both have in common? They both love Pujols
[ER] ME: [scared] well? DOCTOR: ur ok M: so it was just a dream D: o no ur body is filled with lizards but ur system is accepting them
What did the male eskimo say to the female eskimo right before having sex? I'm gunna fuck you Inuit pussy.
You'd think Bowser would start locking the front door of his castle after the first time Mario just walked right in like he owned the joint.
I dated a really multicultural girl First she gave me a French kiss. Then she gave me an Australian kiss. I thought I'd show her I'm cultured too, so I gave her a Glasgow kiss.
Sean Connery is standing at your door, wearing white shorts and a white shirt and holding a racket. What time is it? Tennish.
 she's just a small time girl workin at Jurassic Woooorld opened a raptor cage now they're everywhere 
Why did the pedophile masturbate to Kim Kardashian? because he was blind.
I was addicted to hokey pokey But then I turned myself around
[Stares deeply into date's eyes before going to the bathroom] ""I've counted these fries.""
A first grade teacher asks her students, ""What comes after 69?"" One student responds, ""Mouthwash""
a baby seal walks into a club..
My girlfriend keeps saying that it's not working out. I said, ""well, you haven't gone to the gym for a while, have you?""
Today's youth are getting worse.. Today's youth are getting worse. I was in a church yesterday, when I saw a guy lighting a cigarette from the candle. I was so shocked, that I dropped my beer bottle
Why couldn't the feminist change the light bulb? Feminists can't change anything.
Punk rockers are unruly, what do they like most about women though? Their CCCCUUUUUNNNNNTTTTT!!!
My girlfriend told me I look ""uncool"" with a bike helmet on.. Well you know I'd rather look uncool than fall and split my head open during sex.
Why can't Melania Trump feel her ass? He's away campaigning.
Two men are making love in a meadow, they both are struck by lightning and die. Which one goes to heaven first? The one on the bottom because he already has his shit packed and ready to go.
Why was 6 afraid if 7? Because 7 is a registered 6 offender
What did the chef say to the man who wouldn't eat alphabet soup? ""I'm gonna make you eat those words!""
New clothing store seen at local Mall named 'Off Topic'. Apparently it's aimed at edgy teens with ADHD.
Ukraine What do you think about the Russian military intervention in Krimea? I think they're just Stalin. If they are, soviet, as long as they're Putin their weapons away.
I hear Donald Trump wants every welfare recipient to take a drug test... I don't even what to know what he's planning to do with all those urine samples.
The movie 'Up' is utter bullshit. I tied 57,000 balloons to my house & my wife didn't die.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A total rip off.
I want to die in my sleep, like my grandpa did. and not screaming like the passengers in the backseat.
I wonder if when my dog follows me into the bathroom it's cause I follow him outside when he goes and he thinks that's how it works. Meh.
Two promiscuous citrus fruits have unprotected sex They get lemon-aids
If things are going good, enjoy it, it won't last forever. If things are going bad, don't worry. It can't last forever either.
What do you call a epileptic roman emperor? Just had a Seizure. (too those who dont get it read it out loud quickly)
A and C were going to prank their friend... ...but they just letter B
Do you like Fishsticks? Do you like putting Fishsticks in your mouth? You're a gayfish. #original
Wait, Fellatio isn't a flavor of ice cream?!
If you have any snacks left when the movie starts you're a wizard & need to be killed.
""When you wife asked you to buy her car, why did you buy her a diamond instead?"" ""Because I couldn't find a fake car.""
I made a joke up!!! Two midgets walk into a bar. edit: sorry I didn't set the bar very high for this joke. edit2: don't' worry- they're ok.
Today, I saw a black guy wave to an Asian from across the street. It gives me hope for the future... Rush Hour 4!
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? I've never paid $100 to have a lentil on my face.
If you`re not going to help me break into my ex`s house to delete the hysterical message i left on his answerphone,then you`re not my friend
if you go to a nascar rally carrying a clipboard and wearing a hard hat people will just let you go on the track and kiss all the good cars
My new thesaurus is terrible. Not only that, it's terrible.
Grandmother: ""So what is Skype?"" *Explains in great detail on how it works* ""So do I need a computer for it?"" ""I JUST...how's your cat?""
No matter how popular they get.. ... antibiotics are never going viral.
With a bit of practice I could be an excellent snooker player... But I dont have the balls and my pockets aren't that deep
A Mexican athlete finally got a medal at the Olympics. The police are still searching for him.
Why does the New York Times hire Jews? So they can put out a paper on December 26th.
Did you hear about that new car made entirely from wood? It's crazy! Wooden wheels, wooden windows, wooden engine... Wooden move.
What do you call a man who has sex with his 9 year old wife? The holiest Prophet of Islam.
Just Checked my voicemail. I forgot to buy milk 3 years ago.
A guy walks into a bar... ""Ouch""
Lets all take a minute and realize the lack of creativity in the name ""fire place""
What did the shoe say about the customer who didn't like that it had yellow shoestring? That's lacist.
""No, everything's fine"" must've been a great phrase to say before women got hold of it.
My wife caught me measuring my dick. Embarrassing! It reached just to the back of her sister's throat.
What do you do if you see a space man? Park your car man.
My friend said I should move to Alaska... ..He said it's pretty cool there.
What's worse than having ants in your pants? Uncles.
Do you know the difference ""Hey, do you know what the difference is between window curtains and toilet paper?"" ""No."" ""So it was you then!!!""
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? He wiped.
I've always wondered what periods were like... Could someone give me a demenstruation
What do you call a smart pig? Swinestein.
What's green and has wheels? A Pickle and I lied about the wheels.
Life is like a box of chocolates The fatter you are the shorter it lasts
When I first went on the pill, I put on a bit of weight. Which proved to be a very effective contraceptive.
A vegan, a vaper, and a Pitbull owner walk into a bar... ...I'd tell you what they said but I have no idea because none of them would shut up.
I'm pretty great with money. Folks keep calling me and telling me my accounts are outstanding.
When I die I'd like to be cremated I think I've urned it.
If William Shatner and Jason David Frank is in the same scene together... Who gets the close up?
I finally got some me time away from the kids. Two whole hours. It would've been longer but my legs went numb crouching behind the dryer.
What do you call the German word for Vaseline? Derweinerslider
You guys ever see a mannequin and think she's completely out of your league?
What do you call a pop star that marries Rowan Atkinson? Avril Labean
Girlfriend told me she wanted to see our kids so I came in her eye
Why is there no pain relief in the jungle? Cos the Parrots-Eat-Em-All
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs? So nobody confuses them with feminists
My computer blew up in front of my face. I still can't process why that happened.
What's the Difference between a Wife and an Attic Door? An attic door can shut up. ~~im going to hell~~
Parents: Stop making videos of your kid coming home from the dentist all fucked up.
What did all the boys from the hood call the Pillsbury Dough boy after he got super baked? Cracker.
When playing Fuck/Marry/Kill always ask yourself: will my ""marry"" be cool w/ me fucking & killing these other people?
What does a mermaid wear to math class An algae-bra I'm not sorry
Roy Hodgson has told the England squad that they'll have to tighten their belts next week. He also added that they should not remove them until the ""fasten seat belt"" sign goes out.
Men are like pillows. Eventually even the best ones get soft and lumpy.
What do you call a Mexican child molester? A pedrophile
What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaaaay
What is the capital of the United States? Half of what it was last week
What does a squid sheriff form? An octoposse!
The funniest joke in the world Wenn ist das Nunstruck git und Slotermeyer? Ja! ... Beiherhund das Oder die Flipperwaldt gersput!
How are Bungee jumping and visiting a prostitute a like? If the rubber breaks, you're dead.
Dog (curled up, napping): I never poop on the carpet and I love cats. Wife: Is the dog talking in its sleep? ""Shhh let sleeping dogs lie.""
Forgot to turn on the oven. Food's been in there for 45mins. I know, cause I set the timer.
Teacher: Who can tell me where Hadrians Wall is? Pupil: I expect it's around Hadrian's garden miss!
If you stand next to a fatter person you look better. That's why I work at Burger King.
Coworker to me: "" Why are you always rushing out of here after work? You're single with no kids."" Me: "" Exactly.""
What does John Cougar Mellencamp get if he eats too much cantaloupe before he goes swimming? A melon-cramp.
You know you have an awesome bra... when you can do the entire Head and Shoulders, Knees and Toes' song.... with just a slight  adjustment of the shoulder straps!
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? Donald Trump never asked to have a lentil on his face.
Crazy to think back before camera phones we all used to sit in front of bathroom mirrors with sketch pads.
I taught my 4yo how to spell 'beer' so he'll stop bringing me Pepsi from the fridge.
What do you get when you mix S&amp
Why did they go from Windows 8 straight to Windows 10? Because 7 8 9!
One man's internet wife is another man's internet husband.
""Hey dude, have you ever considered being a comedian?"" Yes but everyone laughed at me.
Whats grey and comes in pints? Elephants
What would a scandal involving Microsoft be called? Gatesgate.
Roadside sign holders are secretly geniuses because they get paid to do something a pole does for nothing.
Looking at all the post on my news feed, it is very hot today. News Flash people, it is summertime. That is what happens in summer months. Keep me posted in January also when it is cold out. Thanks
He's an owl with an attitude. She's a hawk who will take him to church. This fall, Sundays become Fundays on ABC's new hit 'Birds of Pray'!
Why do Canadians like doggy style so much? So they can both watch the hockey game!
Why don't blind people skydive? Because it scares their dogs too much!
A man walks into a doctor's office with a frog on his head. ""What happened to you?"" the doctor asks. ""I stepped on something.""
How do most bakers get their start in the industry? They knead dough
This medicine says I should not operate heavy machinery, so I guess I won't be doing laundry for the next two weeks. Safety first.
What did the flatulent man say to the preacher during confession? Forgive me Father, for i have wind.
Shit. I was late for my time management class.
Seize the day. Repossess the evening. Impound last week. Forcibly confiscate the entire month of September.
Yo mama so fat when she has wants someone to shake her hand she has to give directions!
Did you hear about the dumb woman who had... Did you hear about the woman who had two chances to get Pregnant? She blew them both...
What does the Army call it's Muslim infantry units with vehicles? Mecca-nized infantry.
It's sad that the only thing great about my job is that my chair spins -__-
What do you call a stoned Irishman? A baked potato.
Why don't other bugs like earwigs ? Because they are always earwigging their conversations !
Why Did Barbie Never Get Pregnant? Because Ken always came in another box.
I just saw a guy running a race and masturbating at the same time. I wonder what place he'll come in.
In Germany, we know of a joke The French military.
If you have twin girls and don't dress them like in ""The Shining"" and make them stand in hallways, you've squandered a precious gift.
Imagine you're about to have surgery and right before the anesthesia kicks in you notice a ""University of Phoenix"" degree on the wall
What about ""BusinessMyspace""? Nah, it's taken. Okay, what about ""LinkedIn""?
My most redeeming quality is the fact that I return bottles for cash.
What do you call a person who farts in private? A private tutor
Shout out to the guy behind me flashing red & blue lights.
*Aquarium GUIDE: Octopuses are sensitive to camera flash so please turn off...ma'am don't flash the octopus ME: [pulls shirt back down] ok
Otherwise I think this is a good joke, but the title says otherwise
What did Australian Jesus say after the Last Supper? Check, mate.
I Love You!! Is that you or your beer talking? Thats me.. talking to my beer
How many Freudian psychologists does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to change the bulb and the other to hold my penisI mean my motherI mean the ladder.
The moderators of this sub
Why did Scottish baby sneeze? It got week old.
I went into a cafe and said, "" A crocodile sandwich and make it snappy.""
I rang up British Telecom, I said, ""I want to report a nuisance caller"", he said ""Not you again"". 
Are the readers of this subreddit mostly men? Who else would consider a couple inches of text to be long?
I've learned from my mistakes. I make bigger and better mistakes than ever now.
i saw a license plate yesterday that said 'i miss new york,' so i smashed their window and stole their radio
The original Karate Kid is currently the same age as Mr. Miyagi was in the movie, 51. My youth just got crane kicked in the bean bag.
I got a German girl's phone number I just ask her for it and she said, ""nine nine nine, nine nine nine nine.""
The cable company told me they would send a guy out and I need to be home between the hours of 1pm and 2014.
""Doctor: Put the IV in. Nurse: The 4 what?"" - chronic problem in Roman emergency rooms
What's that movie about the girl who forgets Adam Sandler every day? I want to know her secret
What do you call a pile of cats? A meowtian.
Remember your elementary gym ""coach""? I should've worked out more for his girlfriend
(NSFW) A blind man walks past a fish market and exclaims ""Hellooo Ladies""
What's the difference between a black guy and a bench A bench can support a family.
""Read 'em and weep"" I say as I lay down my hand: a collection of my grandparent's handwritten love letters from WWII.
Interviewer: How do you spell Mississippi? Redneck: Which one? The river or the state?
What kind of pants does Mario wear? Denim denim denim
Time goes by quicker when you have fun But one does not simply have fun
Why did the Prostitute leave the leper colony? Business was dropping off!
What do you call an Italian with a rubber toe? Roberto.
I used to complain about the bright car lights in my rear view mirror I removed it awhile ago, and haven't looked back since.
As a Californian, the most frightening thing about the movie Psycho, is the thought of leaving the shower water running for that long.
A feminist and a fascist walks into a bar She orders a glass of wine
Breaking up with Japanese Girls. I hate to breakup with Japanese girls because you have to drop the bomb twice before they get it.
My head is so big... When a girl sits on my face, she has room for the remote and a snack.
Let's name him something that will make children smile ""How about Santa?"" Ok but let's add something fierce so they are afraid to defy him
What did the bicycle call its dad? Pop-cycle
These boots were made for walking, and that's just what they'll do. One of these day--oh goddamn it. Did you glue these to the floor, Carl?!
I keep hearing people say it was just a bad situation and the Gator was hungry. They found the body intact, guess the gator couldn't have been that hungry.
I saw a sign today about lost cat Missing cat: Wanted dead and alive If found return to Schrodinger
It looks like we got about 4 inches of snow last night ... Or as my boyfriend calls it... 7.
Why do we say dogs are man's best friend? Why not say dogs are man's and woman's best friend? Because diamonds are a woman's best friend.
freddie crougar once impersonated chuck norris and that is the reason why we have nightmares
Just saw a dolphin with a tattoo of a college girl struggling for individuality and freedom from her middle class parents
I miss the old days when street gangs asserted their dominance through aggressive hair combing.
Why girls have zip in their pents?
Why did the old lady fall into the well? Because she couldn't see that well
Why can't Donald Trump be a Lannister? Because he never pays his debts
How do you build a boat? Well Im not sure, but I do Noah guy.
Grandma, if you're looking down on me right now - close your eyes for a few minutes.
Why do scuba-divers fall backwards off the boat? ...Because if they fell forwards they'd fall back into the boat.
How did the english teacher know his student was pregnant? She started missing periods
My friend recently got crushed by a pile of books but he's only got his shelf to blame
Every Taylor Swift song sounds like it was written in gel pen.
3 Doors Down: ""Okay, so we've named the band. Now what?""
[February 12] Henry VIII: jeez walmart is out of cards, flowers and chocolate. She's going to kill me! Unless... [February 13] beheads wife
[Noah's Ark] Noah: How will the animals reproduce? God: You took a male & female, right? Noah: YOU SAID BRING 2 YOU DIDN'T SAY 1 OF EACH SEX
I found Jesus last week... My garden has never looked nicer.
If you don't consider yourself a terrible person, you're likely a horrific person.
Girl, you're just like hell... because I'd kill to enter you.
Why couldn't the cat walk through the door? it had a javelin through it's head.
I ordered a pizza. I don't think the guy understood how to get here. Is it free if it's 5 years late?
Do you know what really bugs me? Discreetly placed microphones.
I'll bet Timmy would never have fallen down that well if his parents would've coughed up the money for a HUMAN instead of a dog babysitter.
Grabs intercom: ANYONE WHO WOULD LIKE TO JOIN MY MILITIA, STAY HERE! WE ARE GOING TO OCCUPY THIS OLIVE GARDEN UNTIL I GET MORE BREADSTICKS
Someone stole the coffin at my grandfather's funeral. I couldn't bereave it!
Feeling extremely smug after being the best at pulling over to let an ambulance pass
I don't like telling clever jokes about airplanes. They just go over my head.
Her: Are you a dog person or a cat person? Me: ... H: ... M: ... H: Why are you hesitating? M: I'm not sure which answer will get me laid.
My girlfriend and I played footsie at the family table and I climaxed. Turns out it was her grandma. I guess I got off on the wrong foot.
What do you call a viking cemetary? A grey fjord.
""KIDS, GET YOUR SHOES ON WE'RE LEAVING FOR SCHOOL IN SIX HOURS!!!"" -- Centipede parents
I literally got fired from a job for not knowing what to do with my hands when I talk. I guess sign language interpreting just wasn't for me
A three legged dog walks into a bar.... And says, ""I'm looking for the man that shot my paw!""
ah excellent, an update to this software i use. think i'll select remind me in 4 hours twice a day for the next seven months
You might think the cock and balls are similar. But there's a vas deferens between them.
How often do I tell jokes about the elements ...periodically
Where do you take a sick boat? To the dock!
What do you call an explosion in a Frencg kitchen? Linoleum Blown-apart.
My bank was worried My bank called asking if my credit card had been stolen. They were concerned because it hadn't been used at the liquor store since last friday 
What's the difference between a Catholic wife and a Jewish wife? A Catholic wife has real orgasms and fake jewelry
What started feminism? An unlocked kitchen door
How many sorority girls does it take to screw in a lightbulb? I don't know, but it must be an odd number because, ""they can't even.""
[Thanksgiving dinner] WIFE: These potatoes are burnt to a crisp ME: Those are for tomorrow WIFE: Because...tomorrow is Bla- ME: Black Fry Day
Dude ...like...homeless neglected dogs totally ruined that Sarah McLachlan song for me.
What did one duck say to the other? Quack!
Baby, words can't describe how attractive you are, But numbers can, 03/10.
What do you call people who pretend to be Irish on St. Patrick's Day? Counterfitz
My six year old niece made up this joke. I think she may be a comedic prodigy. Why did the sweater go to boot camp? To warm up!
What is the best day to wear an asshat? Sunday, because it's so holy.
The author finally found the spineless guy who stole her unpublished draft. She got her paperback and booked it
Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the world is love
What's reddit without the R&amp
""any questions for Mr. deGrasse Tyson?"" [I knock over an old woman while sprinting to the mic] HOW DOES AIR CONDITIONING WORK IN SPACE?
I once dumped a cross eyed girl. I thought she was seeing someone else%3ss eyed girl. I thought she was seeing someone else
""The club can't even handle me right now."" What, like structurally? Should we call an engineer? Evacuate? Please advise.
Never argue with someone who knows fancier words than you. Like 'responsibility'
I don't know why I broke up with the gym... ..I guess we just weren't working out.
Whats the difference between Pink Floyd and Princess Diana? Nothing, their last big hit was the wall.
How many Firefly fans does it take to change a light bulb? They wouldn't. They'd rather spend a decade bitching about how it went out.
I got two front teeth for Christmas! I have no idea who they belong to.
No matter what meal it is, always say you had ""brunch"" so people know how much better than them you are.
Weather Girl: I'm looking at six to ten inches tonight. Me, to the TV: But is it going to SNOW?
Hi, how much for this torture device? Sir, that's a wedding ring.
Some days it's little things, the tone of his voice or his words when we're alone, that help me realize I'd rather have the insurance money.
I've just read a book on how dramatically footballers wives lose their looks once their husbands retire.It's a real WAGS to witches story.
Funniest joke I've ever heard. women's rights.
One time I got so nervous when a guy took off his pants in front of me I said ""friggity diggity"" please do not rt
Saw a couple wearing surgical masks in public and all I could think was ""what do they know that I don't?""
What do sex in a canoe and American beer have in common? They're both fucking close to water.
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew? A pizza doesn't scream in the oven
Doctor ! Doctor ! I think I'm going crazy. I have a carrot growing out of my ear. Amazing ! so you have. How could that have happened ? I can't understand it either because I planted cabbage !
What do Trump voters call Holocaust survivors? Mulligans.
Who was King Arthur's knight who built the round table? Sir Cumfrence
What does Tumblr and KFC's chicken have in common? They both contain high amounts of trans fats. Edit: Omg guys! I didn't expect this to take off this much, thanks guys!
What did the homeless guy get for Christmas? Very, very hungry.
my favorite part about fruit is when I run it under water for 3 seconds to convince myself it's no longer covered in carcinogenic pesticides
daylight savings I've been told my clocks have to go back tonight but I can't even remember where I bought them from
Two blondes walk into a bar The first one says ""Don't worry, I didn't see it either"".
How do you piss off a gay guy? Fuck his boyfriend in the ass, then wipe your dick on his curtains.
A pillow warmer is a stupid idea... Use your head!
One I came up with today. Did you hear about the new cult that worships testicles? They are sacreligious.
I believe in karma which means I can do bad things to people all day long and just assume they deserve it.
Myspacebarhasstoppedworking  Only joking
Did you hear about Stevie Wonder getting a cheese grater for his birthday? He said it was the most violent book he'd ever read.
How to trigger a liberal... Mention ""Indians"" around Thanksgiving time.
To save money, instead of going to the club, I just get drunk at home and yell ""what?"" into a mirror over and over.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? About halfway
If it wasn't for the random passerby with the horrific deformity, I wouldn't know nearly as much about what the top of my shoes looked like.
I save so much money by not having any money.
chicken. knock knock Why did the chicken cross the road? (To get to the idiots house.) *knock knock* ""Who's there?"" The chicken....
When adding number in your head... It's really the thought that counts.
Why is the Canadian school system broken because they only give out ehs
Slept like a baby last night Woke up every hour and just cried about my life.
WIFE: I love you NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Actually it's just emotional comfort after years of being toget- WIFE: *packing* I'll be at my mothers
I have a mice problem so I lay out tiny red and blue bandanas in hopes they start a west coast/east coast thing and take care of each other.
It's been so long since I've gotten laid My sperm's starting to grow legs.
I'm so lazy, if autocorrect doesn't know the word after 3 letters I put my phone down.
I practiced cursive for years in elementary school & my electronic bank signature still looks like it was signed by a drunk monkey.
My neighbor is loud and obnoxious Now I know how Canada feels
I have enough money to last the rest of my life... So long as I don't spend any of it.
Parachute joke if your parachute doesn't deploy, you have the rest of your life to fix it!
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr Dre
Policeman: Didn't you hear me  whistle at you? Woman Driver: Sure but I don't flirt when I drive.
Thought Experiment: Stand on a scale in an elevator. Cut the cable. You, the scale, and the elevator fall -- scale reads zero
Congress always makes me feel nostalgic for college when I waited for the last minute to do shitty work and blame anyone but myself.
My friends are baffled that I gave up the single life for my European wife and wonder why I don't chase girls anymore. It's because she keeps me in Czech.
Of course women are funny. Why else would there be so many jokes about them.
Did you know there are more planes in the ocean.. Than submarines in the sky?
Did you hear about the zoo with only one dog? It was a shit zoo
What did the fisherman from Boston say to the magician? Pick a cod, any cod!
""Waking up when you got a baby, you feel like you drank a bottle of whiskey the night before, except the shit's in someone else's pants.""
what do you call an effeminate dwarf? A metro-gnome....
Who's the biggest bitch in a whole wide world? OPs mom
Troll your friends by texting them a fake blinking ellipsis (""..."") http://imgur.com/3RM8yC2
I've just burned the Koran... ...to CD if anyone wants a copy.
Our parenting style can best be described as: Bad cop, Bozo cop
Q: What did one mountain say to the other mountain after an earthquake? A: It's not my fault.
I stole a stripper's kid. It was like taking baby from a Candi.
With the banning of the Confederate flag in America... We are going through a period of erase-ism.
What is Trumps favorite movie? Minority Report.
Being killed by a paper-cut would be... Quite a novel way to die.
What do a Catholic Priest and second place have in common? They both came in a little behind.
What does Pong and WW1 have in common? It's not about strategy, but endurance.
What sort of crime is it if a neckbeard commits murder? A fedoral offense.
Pepsi and Coke can't even be in the same restaurant together and society wants us all to get along. Pffftt.
Jafar my name is jafar i come from afar there's a Note 7 in my car allahu akbar
Picked up our Christmas tree from the lot today AND my wife hasn't shaved in 3 weeks. Noble fir in the streets. Noble fur in the sheets.
What do you call a bee from America? A USB.
The hardest part of having sex again after you have recently been widowed is.... Gettin there before the rigor mortis sets in.
A man was hospitalized with 6 plastic horses up his ass Doctors describe his condition as stable
What do you call a hot girl with no legs? Disabled.
Why are the only kids in Warsaw magnet schools from Central Poland? Cause North and South Poles repel each other ...
What's the difference between a wide receiver and Ray Rice's wife? The NFL will review the tape of the wide receiver getting hit
When I was young, you could go into a corner shop with 1 and come out with 2 cokes, 3 Freddos and a magazine. Nowadays, there's CCTV everywhere.
If I was a serial killer my name would be ""The suspense"" So my victims would be like ""oh no, the suspense is killing me"" And then we would both laugh right before I kill them.
TIL of an incident during the Cold War when American ships, fearing a Soviet attack, nearly fired on a friendly vessel. Whoops, wrong sub.
Teacher: Why didn't you answer me ? Pupil: I did I shook my head Teacher: You don't expect me to hear it rattling from here do you !
You strike me as one of those people who show up and debunk all the fun in the last 2 minutes of an otherwise scintillating UFO TV program.
A priest, a theif, and a child molester enters a bar. He buys a drink.
I love campfire smoke so much ... it brings tears to my eyes.
Guess what happens when you have a vivid dream that you're taking a piss.
What chord does a piano make when it drops on a child? ...A-flat minor
My wife asked me 'What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? And if you haven't figured it out by now you'll never figure it out will you.'
The lonelier you are the more likely you are to incorrectly believe your cell phone just vibrated.
I am starving and horny. This cucumber is going in me one way or another.
Cat: LET ME OUTSIDE RIGHT NOW LET ME OUT RIGHT NOW! Me: *Staggers out of bed. Opens door* Cat: *lies down on doormat*: You are dismissed.
Have the day off when the SO comes home, ""Have you been on reddit all day!?"" Look at the clock, ""Not yet.""
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant? ""Are you sure it's mine?""
I was writing an essay when Keanu Reeves busted in and told me that there's a bomb on my computer and if my typing speed fell below 50 wpm, the whole laptop would explode.
White people really do look alike, so let's fill up on teriyaki chicken samples by walking laps around the food court.
A new study has shown that women who get more sleep have better sex. Unfortunately, the study was conducted by Bill Cosby
If Hillary Clinton and Donald Drumpf are in a boat and it capsizes. Who survives? America.
Why did Leonardo DiCaprio visit Sesame Street? It was his only chance to see an Oscar
My girlfriend hates it when I sneak up on her And according to the judge, she also hates it when I call her my girlfriend
A Chinese acrobat/protester somersaulted over the police line in Hong Kong and was pepper sprayed. The crowd declared, ""That was a-mace-ing!""
I know karate and tons of other words.
The chicken I just ate wanted to be an astronaut when he grew up.
Did you hear about the Finn who  spent a fortune building a storm cellar in case there was an  earthquake.
s/o to chins tho for scientifically proving that two is not always better than one
How does Donald Trump tie his shoes? In little knotsies.
What do you call an Isis execution recorder A daesh cam
Boss: Why weren't you at work last week? Me: Why are you living in the past?
RIP Ronaldo's Moth. The world's most famous footballing insect has died after a long and illustrious career. He was 6 weeks old.
""We should definitely let dolphins go into space instead of monkeys"" said one scientist obviously not a dolphin dressed up as a scientist
Failed my wasp collection exam. Got a bee.
What month was King Kong born in? Ape-ril
At my funeral the priest will throw my corpse into the crowd and whoever catches it will be the next to die.
Two guys walk into a bar The first one asks for h20. The second on asks for h20 too. The second guy dies.
Eating Halloween candy and ignoring the doorbell. A little game I like to call fuck you I paid for it.
There was an explosion at the world's largest sprinkles factory earlier today. Fortunately there have been no fatalities, but the number of injured are reported to be in the hundreds and thousands.
The Ukrainian government is opening up a tourist attraction in Chernobyl. It will be like Disney World, except the six foot tall mouse is real.
A businessman comes into work distraught, wearing a bloody suit.NSFW A coworker asks him, ""What happened to your tie?"" He responds, ""I had to kill that whore because she had a freaking dick.""
What do you call a cat with eight legs that likes to swim ? An octopuss !
I can't stand sitting down
Why can't pirates learn the alphabet? Because Somalia doesn't have an education system
Why is an elephant braver than a hen ? Because the elephant isn't chicken !
Friend zone?! I've been sister zoned! And if one more dude pats me on the head, I'm telling mom!!
I speak both universal languages: 1. English 2. Louder & slower English
[Commercial for axes] [A lumberjack swinging a dead goat against a tree in the woods] *Turns to camera* ""There has to be a better way?""
Why do Scuba divers fall backwards into the water? Because if they fell forwards, they'd still be in the boat
A guy walks into a bar with jumper cables and the bartender says, You can come in, but don't start anything!
*painting your nails* one hand : perfect. other hand : looks like a blind cat did it.
My wife has this mood ring... It turns green when she's happy, blue when she's calm, and when she's angry it leaves a big red mark right on my forehead.
Hope is a single man's game... A married man can't get none ""I hope she ain't mad"" she is. ""I hope I get head tonight"" you won't. ""I hope I'm not in trouble"" you are.
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide
Why are pirates called pirates? Because they AAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!
When a porn actress is rude at a restaurant, there's really nothing the staff can put in her food for revenge.
I like my women like I like my tea... ...white, weak and you can't tell if what you're drinking is piss or not.
What's the definition of black foreplay? Don't scream or I'll kill you.
What do you call a snake that is trying to  become a bird ? A feather boa !sna
If you're a copyright attorney and your slogan isn't ""Carpe TM" go fuck yourself.
Women never listen properly Wife: I lost my keys Man: Its in your jeans Wife: Dont drag my family into this.
Why can't trigonometry teachers give good speeches? They go off onto different tangents.
In my experience, cross-eyed employees are the best deterrent against shoplifting. You just can't be positive that they're not watching.
My friend gets pissed when they call his phone a droid I told him: it's **An**droid, after all.
Why was the man with size four shoes turned away from Mount Everest? Because climbing Mount Everest is no small feat
So Darwin comes across a sad penguin in an airport.... He goes up to the penguin and asks, ""Why so angry, you cute little fella?"" The penguin looks up to him and says ""flight's delayed.""
One day, long, long ago, there lived a woman who did not whine, nag, or complain. But it was a long time ago, and it was just for that one day.
the ""i'm revealing my deepest insecurities to you with hope that you don't use them to utterly destroy me"" is silent in ""i love you""
The hardest part about dying is finding a body double to sit in a coffin for you while you take off to party island.
It's official... My voice is incapable of making, ""Thanks. I appreciate that"" not sound sarcastic.
Cop: you know why I pulled you over? Me: You thought I was black? Cop: Haha. Yep. You're free to go sir
Women's rights.
I'm so bad at philosophy.... .....I Kant even
When does a motel become a hotel? When your mom stays in it.
Barista: ""Welcome to Starbucks!"" Me: ""Large coffee please."" B: ""It's venti!"" Me: ""Then close all the windows after you get my large coffee.""
Wife: how much did it cost to rent that bouncy castle? Me: I dunno. Buying it wasn't cheap tho
Girl: I like guys with six-packs... Guy: *opens refrigerator*
What does Jeb Bush say to his wife after sex? Please cum.
The Holocaust.
What did the Pirate say on his birthday? Ayy Matey
Why don't you tell penis jokes about richard? Because Dick nose
If your coffee tastes like mud... It's probably fresh ground...
Her: *""Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me?""* Me: *""Yes""*
Putting my Christmas decorations on the house across the street so I can, you know, see them.
Don't have phone sex.... You could get hearing aids.
I just bought the politically correct edition of Doctor Who. What's the deal with all these Cyberpersons I keep hearing about?
Best way to keep your money from the casinos in Las Vegas? When you get off the plane, walk into the propellers!! its that easy...
What do gay horses eat? *HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYY*
What did the hungry Dalmatian say when he had a meal ? That hit the spots !
Confucius says Love one another. If it doesn't work, just interchange the last two words.
Why did the mother feed her newborn lamb? Because it's baby food.
What do you call a hamburger that runs for president? A McTrump
Yo mama so fat when she plays hopscotch she goes New York L.A. Chicago
A conference call is the best way for a dozen people to say ""bye"" 300 times.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Cash ! Cash who ? Cash me if you can !
Makeup tip: You're not in the circus.
my roofing company has gone bankrupt. I kept saying ""this one's on the house"" every time I finished a roof, how could i be so stupid
do you know what 6.9 is? It's a period ruining a beautiful thing.
Many racist Trump supporters were stung by Clinton's speech calling them a ""basket of deplorables."" The rest had to go look up ""deplorable.""
So the Enlarged Prostate and the Bladder are taking. The bladder says "" move I gotta pee!"" the Enlarged Prostate smiles and says "" Sorry but urine trouble.""
My coworker was like ""I love kids! Can't finish a whole one by myself though hahaha!"" And I was just like wow I could easily eat like 5.
What kind of boats do smart people ride on? Scholar ships!
What bathroom does Roy G. Biv use? The colored one.
Tell 'em how it 'tis, not how it 'twas: Edition 1. It used to be the joke was ""If ya lick 'er, it's quicker"" Now it's: if ya drug 'er, ya fug 'er.
""I love it when we finish each other."" ""You mean: other's sentences?"" ""No.""
A bomb just went off in a paris cheese shop There is de brie everywhere!
As told to me by an indian bus driver overseas... Why don't rabbits make noise when they fuck? Because they have cotton balls. Apologies if it's a repost.
I'm half Canadian. Not really. But I am partly sorry if I happened to offend anyone.
What is the most up-voted comment of all time? ""repost""
Did you hear about the kidnapping in Delaware? Don't worry, he eventually woke up.
The first gay wedding will be taking place in Ireland next week The men's names are Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzgerald.
Just got a job opening demanding 13-18 yrs of experience in iOS development. Do they realize that the platform itself is 8 years old?
The letter I takes up less room than the letter W yet they're both counted as one character. If Twitter was an Airline this wouldn't happen.
A Roman Emperor orders his guards to arrest his wife. He orders them to Ceas'er.
Teacher: If you saw me standing by a witch what fruit would it remind you of? Pupil: A pear.
Woman: Is it a boy or a girl, doctor? Doctor: It's a mango. A perfectly ripe mango Woman: Oh thank GOD. I hate babies
My wife has been missing for a week now. Police have told me to prepare for the worst. So I have been to the charity shop to get all her clothes back.
Be strong, I whispered to my WiFi signal.
What's the best thing about living in Switzerland? I'm not really sure. The air is clean. The mountains are beautiful. The flag is a big plus.
Melon love Two melons in a romantic relationship were discussing their feelings for each other. ""Honeydew you love me?"" asked the first. ""Yes" replied the second, ""but we cantaloupe.""
When you hug someone, think of all the poop you are just inches away from.
Gonna get ""na na na na na na na na"" tattooed on my forearm. I'll tell girls it's Hey Jude and I'll tell dudes it's the Batman theme.
Poe, is your baby hungry? Poe: Nah, BB-8.
Q: What a BLONDE will ask the doctor in the maternity ward? A: ""Is it mine?""
My relationship is like Monopoly. She gives me too many Chances.
Who doesn't like lincoln logs john wilkes blocks
Imagine if the Indians gave the pilgrims a donkey... Then we'd all get a little ass for thanksgiving.
What is a monster's favourite drink? Demonade.
From my 9 year old: What do you and Tatooine have in common? You both have two sons\suns.
What kind... What kind of vitamins pirates take? Vitamin ""D"".
Reflection vs Refraction the point at which I realize how lucky I am to not have an Asian professor.
It's time to clean the refrigerator when something closes the door from the inside.
Why did the boy not do his homework? he was ceebs
Why did the stoneworker get fired? Because he took his job for granite I'll show myself out.
You know why you never see I next to Y? I don't know why.
An officer pulls over a speeding blonde and asks her for her license. She angrily exclaims ""Yesterday you took away my license and now you want to see it again?""
No toilet paper. My training kicks in. I barrel roll under the stall & onto the lap of the person in the next stall. I did not plan for this
What do cows do for entertainment? They go to the mooooovies.
I can't wait for thanksgiving. It's an election year so that means there will be at least 4 fist fights and someone's getting disowned.
TIFU by posting in the wrong subreddit
Me: I found this in the fridge with your name on it. Are you gonna eat it? CW: That's my stapler Me: You didn't answer my question
Things you can't touch: 1. Happines 2. The Easter Bunny 3. Your wife's sister 4. This
The internet is the devil sitting on the right shoulder of a man who suffers from insomnia, whispering in his ear ""you will never sleep"".
For as long as I remember I've always had amnesia.
What Rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
Kids suck. Even God gave up after only having one.
I really hate pretzels Some would even say I'm Anti-Anne's
Damn girl, are you r/Jokes? Because your shit's getting old.
I like the fact that Harriet Tubman will be on the $20 bill. It's good to have a black woman represented on American money. It just sucks that it will only be worth $12.
Suicide is like marriage... Once one person in your group does it a few more follow suit.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 was a serial rapist.
If Michael Moore was a conservative... ...he'd be Donald Trump.
Sometimes I like to stick a band aid on the middle of my forehead and when somebody asks what happened I tell them I got shot.
Every time you get a haircut, you're essentially returning your last haircut and exchanging it for the exact same thing
My friend told me he broke my lamp He said I hope you're not mad. No, im delighted
I'm giving up my new year's resolution for lent
I told my doctor I was addicted to Twitter He said ""I don't follow you""
[NSFW] what do you call a Uk police woman with a shaved pussy? Cuntstubble
In WWII soldiers left burlesque magazines around so if an enemy found it he'd yell ""HOt DOG"" then howl like a wolf & give away his position
When Montell Jordan introduces you to his friends, but your name sounds like a title to one of his songs... ""This is Howie Dewitt!""
I bet some of the Crusaders were just random guys who refused to admit that they were lost.
What does a basketball player do before he  blows out his candles? He makes a swish!
What happens when you mix human DNA with goat DNA? You get kicked out of the petting zoo.
me: maybe those nazi salutes... we're just them reaching for the stars... McDonald's manager: this is the fastest I've ever fired someone
""Is it long enough to reach most people's beds?"" ""Yes."" ""Perfect, make it a couple inches shorter."" -Apple, creating the iPhone charger.
What do you call someone who raises poultry? A chicken tender.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the idiot's house. Knock Knock. ""Who's there?"" The chicken.
So two condoms walk into a bar.. .. They quickly realize that it is a gay bar. One condom turns to the other and says, ""Dude. We are gonna get shitfaced tonight!""
Played Monopoly with a kid & argued that I CAN buy the jail.. Teaching him a valuable lesson about the privitisation of the prison system.
I was gonna tell you a joke so funny you'd laugh your dick off... but it looks like you already heard it.
the past, the present and the future walked into a bar. It was tense...
If you watch Jurassic Park backwards, it's an uplifting film about dinosaurs and people who work together to rebuild an island.
The second fastest thing in a bathroom is the speed in which your butt-hole closes after a log comes out, but what is the fastest thing in a bathroom? The drop of water that makes it in.
I joined a Cold War reenactment group. We just sit around and act nervous about the USSR.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity... ... It's impossible to put down
What's the Difference Between John Wayne and Jack Daniels? Jack Daniels is still killing Indians.
I take karate classes solely to fight off hobos who mistake my man bun for a delicious cinnamon roll
A seal walks into a club... Lets say that he got knocked up just a little to hard.
A gynecologist and a pizza delivery man. What do they have in common ? -Both of them can sniff ""the goods"" but no one can touch !
What do you call a snake that makes a lot of noise when it eats? A slurpent.
Why did the Dad divorce his wife after she named their son? She named him Oedipus.
A man walks onto an elevator There's a woman on it he looks at her says can i smell your feet ? The woman looks in disgust , no! She replies. Oh it must be your pussy then.
Interviewer: may we contact your previous employers? [cut to the giant grave in the desert where I buried them all] Me: lol you could try
What's Obama say to Biden when he leaves the room after a argument? Good*bi-den*
Most action figures are surprisingly inactive.
I woke up this morning and realised I didn't have to go to school today. I was so happy... then I remembered I'm an unemployed 43-year-old.
What happens if you don't keep up payments to your exorcist? You get repossessed.
Gotta elect a billionaire President in 2012, 'cause rich white guys just aren't getting their voices heard in DC.
What did the guy who liked mustard say when he opened his fridge and saw no mustard? You mustard be joking!
People with a good sense of humor have a better sense of life.
What happened to King Midas after he facepalm'd? He turned into Donald Trump.
Me: What's your strongest weakness? Candidate: ... *Realises stupid question & thinks of cover up M: It's a trick question. You're hired!
How many magazines did the racquetball footwear company make before going out of business? Tennis shoes (Also: can anyone think of a more succinct buildup? It seems kinda unwieldy to me)
Just threw out my one night stand. There were termites.
Q: What do you do with a wombat? A: You play wom with it.
My mate reckons he can tighten nuts and bolts just by sitting on them. Personally I think he torques out of his arse...
I heard the chief of police on the news saying ""we will never forget 9 11"" I should bloody hope so its your phone number
[Phone with Mom] ""Did you just friend request me?"" I'm on fb now ""I'm not adding you"" Fine do your own laundry then *accepts friend request*
If I get interviewed by a police sketch artists, my only goal will be to see how far I get before he realizes I'm making him draw a pirate.
How do you make all the terrorists in one room convert to rationalism. Air condition the room.
I slashed my Postal Delivery Driver's tires today I wanted to be sure *all* of my last minute packages had flat rate shipping.
Meltdowns are what happens when you compartmentalize your thoughts, but forget to label them.
How did the dog warn its master that a  Gorilla was approaching? He barked g-r-r-r-illa!
7 out of 3 people are bad at fractions.
Cell phone. Recliner. Beer. Not at work. This homeless guy is living the dream from what I can tell.
Passenger: Will this bus take me to New York?  Driver: Which part? Passenger: All of me of course!
Last summer holiday I went to Iraq for vacation..... I was so scared Iran
If all the Domino's employees in the world held hands, you'd have to make your own pizza.
My girlfriend attended a 3 day course on ""How Not to talk on the phone"" but missed the beginning. She mistook the course to be ""How to talk on the phone.""
""I trust that guy about as far as I can throw him."" -The Incredible Hulk, about a guy he trusts a lot
What did the left nut say to the right nut? Don't talk to the guy in the middle, he's a dick
DAD: u can grow up to be anything u want ME: imma be a hamster D: ok not that M: *already building an elaborate series of tubes to run thru*
An Asian, a black guy and a Jew walk into a bar.. bartender says, ""Get the fuck out of here""
What does DNA strand for? National Dyslecsics Association
Once again I'm reminded that pressing harder on a remote control when I know the batteries are getting dead is not an effective strategy.
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Just Juan.
My grandmother's stories always include the race of everyone involved
I'll take Manly Men for $500, Alex. ""Answer. These booklets of pages are a pointless waste of time."" What are instructions? ""Correct.""
What did the robot say to the other robot as they destroyed each other? ""Nothing personal.""
[firetruck honks its obnoxiously loud horn] [goose in the distance hears it] ""Oh shit guys, that sounds like my wife. Gotta fly""
What did the beach boys play at their reunion show? Wouldn't it be nice if we were younger.
Chris Christie's Favorite New Dessert??? Impeach Cobbler
What do you call a crush on a fat person? An inFATuation
I'm going to start a band called Control Z We will play our songs, but start over half way through it.
How do you package a 21st century classical jazz singer? Buble wrap Sorry 
Me: I'm going across the street to get a beer. Priest: You can't bring a beer in here. This is a church. Me: I can if it's in my stomach.
[reading Harry Potter] Me: Do you know what's going on? 3-year-old: He went to lizard school. I'd correct her, but her version is better.
The difference between men and women is that for men, ""stabby"" is not an emotion.
What kind of bird opens doors ? A kiwi !
Trying to get lunch w 4 yo in restaurant: ""If you can't behave we're going to have to leave here."" ""But I want to leave here."" Touche.
Why don't we see more midget actors? I guess you can say that they are in short supply these days.
Rape jokes aren't funny, but ... I got some hilarious rape seed material.
ISIS has a lot in common with Little Miss Muffet They've both got Kurds in their way
What do you call a gangster who is really in touch with his emotions? An emo-g 
[vacuuming] Pick up your feet please. Kid on sofa: No! Ok *sucks kid into vacuum feet first* *turns to next kid* Pick up your feet please.
Guinness book of world records I use to have my dick in the Guinness book of world records, but then the librarian told me I had to leave.
I have no home. I've got no control. There's no escape. I should probably look into getting a new keyboard.
Q: What is the difference between blondes and traffic signs? A: Some traffic signs say stop.
French toast is just regular toast that smokes cigarettes and has a tiny mustache.
If it weren't for physics and law enforcement, I'd be unstoppable.
So this guy with a premature ejaculation problem... Comes out of nowhere
House Hunters: ""We want a slide, cheeseburgers, a clown."" Realtor: Are you describing McDonalds? ""haha no"" *3 kids tumble out of trenchcoat*
My coworker said my clothes looked gay. I responded with ""Well they did come out of the closet today.""
facte: you eat 28 spiders in your lifetime. always 28. if you are about to die and you have only eaten 3 then 25 spiders arrive at once
Why did Berlusconi go to the Costa Concordia? To see the Gash
Police are saying that they're looking for a black man in his early twenties... And that they always will be.
What did the guitarist say to the magician... Pick a chord, any chord.
Nothing in the world is more expensive than a women who's free for the weekend
Why did the dolphin go to church? He was looking for a porpoise. (thought this one up but I doubt I was the first one that did.)
I bought a Cosmo magazine that said ""Best Sex Ever!"" All I got was a bunch of papercuts.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents!
I don't have many friends: I don't have many friends but I can draw pretty well, so I drew a bunch of friends But I only draw in black pen.. So I feel really uncomfortable
BREAKING NEWS: Due to the horrible conditions at Sochi, the Olympics have been moved to a much safer place.. Chernobyl.
Can you spell jealousy with two letters? NV (envy).
What doesn't buzz and doesn't fit in your bum. Soviet made bum buzzer.
Girls are like math problems. If they are under 18, its best you do them in your head
I'm in a very serious relationship with Batman. My beloved Baeman.
""Something's keeping me from masturbating" the young woman confided to her doctor. ""I can't quite put my finger on it.""
OMG a turtle is coming to kill you, Walk for your life.
Have you heard the joke about Baltimore? It's a riot!
I almost had a three sum last night. I just needed two more people.
What is the best name for an acrobat? Phillip
A man went to see his doctor. ""You need to stop masturbating" the doctor said. The man asked, ""Why?"" The doctor replied, ""Because I''m trying to examine you!""
Hi, I'm your son's teacher, Ms. Frizzle. Funny story, your kid is dead and inside a tortoise
Jon Snow ask a wildlings how to have.. sex. she said , you know nothing jon snow.
North Korea shows that you don't need religion to be crazy.
I'm gonna stand outside a strangers house tonight with a lit candle & tell them it's in remembrance of all the people I killed there.
What happens when a rock gets high? He gets stoned.. Badum tsss
I heard Chris Brown was starting a new radio station... It will be nothing but hit after hit.
Why didn't Thor like the party? It was too Loki.
Why can't accountants get library cards? They're book-keepers.
Long John Silver's is the perfect representation of corporate greed. Nearly everything that company does is selfish.
Used to be a stoner..... but I got all of that out my system in high school.
*Open up, police!!* ""NO YOU'RE GONNA YELL AT ME.""
[stand-up comic bombing] Comic: I guess I can tell you my joke about ghosts Audience: BOOOOOO! Comic: Oh ok you've heard that one before.
What do vegetarian maggots eat? Linda Mccartney...
Q: What did the spud lover do before it went to bed? A: It set its alarm for eight -- so it would get a potato clock.
Man it would suck if I died on this plane mostly because of some unused gift cards I was waiting for ""the right time"" to use.
Me: *returns from bakery with a bap, bagel, bun & cob* Wife: What are these? Me: The synonym rolls you asked for. Wife: CINNAMON.
Reddit knock knock joke Knock knock..who's there...go away the punchline is private!!
This is not funny. I thought you said your joke was funny. It's not my joke.
Three tampons are walking down the road. What one says hi? **None!** Their all *stuck up bitches!*
How many policemen does it take to change a lightbulb? Eleven. One chief of police to oversee it, and 10 cops to beat the lightbulb until it wants to change.
what do a nun and a public defender have in common? neither one can get you off
What do you get when you cross a gangster and a serial killer? Murdered. (If you don't get it: ""cross"" can mean ""betray"")
Empowered women
Easy IQ Test: starting from 160, subtract 10 points for each honk of a car alarm before the owner can figure out how to turn it off.
What is any guy's dream first job? A blowjob
Anakin: How do we get in? Obi-Wan: We'll be stealthy. *turns on huge, glowing laser sword*
What do you call an elf that follows Scientology? Elron Hubbard
My love is like a candle... (Fixed) http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/32850407.jpg
I was going to tell you guys a joke about science... But all of them argon...
All alcohol will make my clothes fall off... tequila just makes that happen in public.
As a CBT enthusiast I asked to see a dominatrix but she said she was too busy She put me on the grating list
What do the letters DNA stand for ? National Dyslexic Association
How is playing a bagpipe like throwing a javelin blindfolded? You don't have to be very good to get people's attention.
Got fat from going to auctions every day. yep, it's more bid obesity!!!
What do old lady vaginas smell like? Depends.
A wife gets naked ...and asks her husband, 'What turns you on more! my pretty face or my sexy body?'  Husband looks her up and down for a moment and replies, 'Your sense of humor.'
for a guy named Health Ledger he was not keeping track of his health very well.
Why can't Vader find a steady relationship? He keeps looking for love in Alderaan places
I'm 22 years old now and my eyesight is worsening,... ...at what point do I get adult supervision?
I used to hate facial hair But then it grew on me
I finally got my crush wet.. She got mad at me because i stole her umbrella
Student loans: because you should know what it's like to be one of the poor people you're always going on about
when fruit talks Broccoli: Hey, I look like a tree. Mushroom: Wow, I look just like an umbrella. Walnut: I look exactly like a brain. Banana: Man, can we change the topic please?
(Request) My uncle is trying to remember a Sarah Palin joke about her having a kid with down syndrome. Comment them here and I'll pass em along. Thanks a bunch :)
I have this friend who has a real dilemma. His wife won't give him a divorce until she figures out a way of doing it without making him a happy man.
Why did 10 die? He was stuck in the middle of 9/11.
What's the definition of a good actor?  Somebody who tries hard to be everybody but himself.
If you talk a lot about ""networking"" you're the kind of person that nobody wants to network with.
Wife: Hit the light. *flicks switch (wrong light) *flicks another (fan) *flicks (disposer) *flicks (nothing) *flicks (some light in Canada)
My girlfriend said she's leaving me because I have a gambling problem I think she's bluffing
What was the fat asian rapper's name? Too chinz
How many ""All Lives Matter"" protesters does it take to change a light bulb? None, because they keep on asking why all of the other light bulbs in the house aren't being changed at the same time.
Slot twist: That USB drive goes in the other way. Turn it over
If my life had a soundtrack it would be the sound of a rusty gate slowly closing and then falling off its hinges onto a bunch of ugly cats...
For a tennis player, what is the perfect crime? Racketeering
Great minds think alike but dirty minds work together 
What did Whitney Houston's coroner say as he unbuckled his belt? It's not right, but it's OK
What is Link's favorite Final Fantasy character? Zell, duh!
If I had a time machine I would go back to certain conversations with my wife to see if she really said the things she's told me I forgot...
Cigarettes are like hamsters Harmless, until you stick one in your mouth and light it on fire.
Sometimes people ask me how I got so funny and I say ""It's easy. I'm just deeply, deeply sad and my life feels unnecessary and empty""
Can you imagine if none of the midwives showed up for a birth? That would be a midwife crisis
What does rock music and my grandpa have in common? The Strokes
Where does Jane Fonda buy her groceries? Traitor Joe's.
What the difference between meat and fish? If you beat your fish, it dies.
My wife and I got married under a cell phone tower. The ceremony wasn't great, but the reception was perfect.
HELLO 911, I NEED TO REPORT A HALO SCORE THAT'S ""CRIMINALLY"" HIGH LOL!!!! ... yes you can talk to my mom
Amusing roller skating falls collection. That's very interesting and amusing video
It's great to get laid, It's awesome to get off, but damn it sucks to get laid off.
It still makes me sad to think there are people out there who have a favorite Kardashian.
Fun fact: Did you know that HIV is Roman for 'high five'? Pass it on - or, rather, don't.
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you.
Apparently fat people in scooters despise being called a cripple-potamous
How did the ghost song-and-dance act make a  living? By appearing in television spooktaculars.
I'm so high, I just tried to Google ""My favorite songs"".
Baby, you remind me of a perennial... cause you always make me come more than once.
My whole life has felt like one big hammock and everybody is watching me try to get out of it.
You can't run through a campground... you can only ran, because it's past tents.
TIFU by burning my post oops retoast
*Knocks on door* Hey open up. You didn't reply to my last 43 texts & then you tweeted about a guy who keeps annoying you. You need help?
Why do cows have hooves? Because they lac tose
What is a good way to describe a tailor that refuses to make clothing for nuns? Non-habit forming
My wife was having an affair... I was devastated. But, by turning to religion I was soon able to come to terms with the whole thing. I converted to Islam and we're stoning her in the morning.
What do you have if you are holding a cricket ball in each hand? A bloody big cricket.
How does an ant put on a tie? With a considerable deal of practice and skill and the correct combination of knots in the tie so it can properly be secured on the neck. It's an ant-tie joke.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can see  into the future.
Future said ""I wake up on a daily basis"" so he other does so much drugs that that's an accomplishment or he doesnt know thats what people do
When does John Cena get scared? When John CENA ghost!
A nurse takes a rectal thermometer out of her pocket... She sees it and says, ""Oh dammit, some asshole took my pen.""
I'm like an onion When I cut myself i cry
I hate it when people ask me what I'll be doing in 5 years. C'mon guys, I don't have 2020 vision.
This is just a temporary status...until I think of something better
I'm so old I remember when water was free and you had to pay for porn.
Seven Jewish mothers are sitting in a restaurant... and a waiter comes and asks: ''I'm sorry ladies, is *anything* all right?''
What do you call a rich brown person driving an Audi? A Saudi
What is the difference between a girlfriend and a wife? About 60 pounds.
I would never take candy from a stranger, but I'd probably follow a trail of bacon straight into the back of a windowless white van.
What is a pedophiles favorite Italian meal? Chicken Statutory....I'm going, I'm going...sorry but this is how my brain works before I've had coffee.
What's harder the softer it gets? Typing withw my peniuasd 9damnit!)
*Picking up my kid from school in 20 years* Me: Yo shawty leggo. Kid: Please no. Me: Stop hating YOLO. Kid: You're embarrassing. Me: Swag.
What is black and white and red and brown and silver and can't turn around in an elevator? A nun with a harpoon through her head.
What's Harry Potters favourite way of getting down a hill? Walking Jk, rolling
""Let's do 5 sets of squats & then try lifting for an hour. It looks like you got out of shape after your dad died"" ~ Really personal trainer
League of Legends Joke Why do Jews suck at jungling? Because they always get executed at the first camp.
7: I need a pet pig so I can always have bacon. Me: There are some fundamental flaws in your plan but I like the way you think.
How many vegetables should you pull out of the ground in one day? None
My Korean friend died yesterday So Yung...
You shouldn't kiss someone on January 1st It's the first date
I went to a place to buy some weed, turns out they didn't have any but they sold some shoes... I don't know what those things were laced with but I was tripping all over the place.
Trump after Obama is like Umbridge after Dumbledore. R.I.P
DINNERTIME FOOD IDEAS FROM MY SON ""Can we put Nutella on our salmon and call it salmonella?"" This has been DINNERTIME FOOD IDEAS FROM MY SON
If you cross a telephone and a pair of  scissors what do you get? Snippy answers.
I've decided I'm not going to focus on my past anymore. So, if I owe you money, I'm sorry.
I saw a documentry on saving the planet They had some garbage facts
Life is like a penis... simple, relaxed, hanging free, it's women who make it hard!
When your boss tells you ""I need you to have everything done by Friday."" You say... I can't have everything done by Friday! Who do you think I am, Robinson Crusoe?!
Boobies Teehehehhe
two blondes walked into a bar You thought one of them would of seen it
[home late] Where were you? ""Uh, with my.. gf?"" Gf? Well, tell us about her! What's her name? [commercial on tv] uh.. Lisa.. Brandnewtoyota
*At the Carnival* Me: How much for the petting zoo? Person: What? *Drunk at Walmart by the dressing rooms*
A blind man walks into a bar... ... Then in a table, then in a chair...
Did you hear about the guy that had mountains for legs? He also had a Pyrenees!
""Hi"" My name is ""What?"" My name is ""Who?"" My name is [chka chka] Slim Shady *scribbles on cup* ""Ok Mr Shrimp Scabies, I'll start your latte""
If you ever feel like you are worthless, just remember... You were once the fastest sperm.
Tron's full name was Tronald
What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian bail
You know what is blown out of proportions? Overweight suicide bombers.
Why doesn't the sun pack it's bags? Because it's traveling light!
It is okay to make jokes about Donald Trump, For now...
Awkward If you think buying condoms is awkward, you should try returning them.
Isn't it odd the way everyone automatically assumes that the goo in soap dispensers is always soap? I like to fill mine with mustard, just to teach people a lesson in trust.
If a hippo was studying to be a neurosurgeon what school would the hippo go to? The Hippocampus!
It's not that I need to manage my anger, it's that other people need to manage their stupidity.
What do you call a punch that can kill 20 kids and 6 adults? A Sandy Hook.
What is your name? Hugh Mungus
I call my car 'The Forest Whitaker' because the left light barely works.
Why cant Stephen Hawking put on a comedy show? Because he cant do stand-up
Growing up is when you go from using drugs for fun to using drugs for survival.
Why Did The Stadium Get Hot After The Game? Because all the fans left.
Did some financial planning and it looks like I can retire at 62 and live comfortably for eleven minutes.
*tries to turn on TV* TV: I have a boyfriend
How physicists see other sciences: Biology: squishy physics Geology: slow physics Computer Science: virtual physics Psychology: people physics Chemistry: impure physics Math: physics minus the units
How many women does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None... They just sit in the dark and bitch about it.
"" Could the cereal your children eat every morning be killing them? Tonite at 11 on abcnews56 we will tell you"" "" After several studies , no. ""
Q: What did Louis Farrakahn say to Mike Tyson  after the fight? A: No stupid an Eye for an Eye!!!!
A priest, an Imam, and a Rabbi walk into a bar... The bartender looks up and says: ""What is this, some kinda joke?""
Newspaper and IPAD I told my girlfriend to get me a newspaper. ""Don't be silly"", she replied. ""Borrow my iPad."" .... That spider didn't knew what f***ing hit it.
What do scientists use to measure a chicken's gestation period? An egg timer
where does a queer download his illegal software from? pirategay
How did the detective solve the case of the missing nun? Through the process of cross-examination.
What's got 40 balls and fucks ducks? A 12 Gauge Shotgun
Listen, I might be 320 pounds but my doctor says I have the heart of a 20 year old athlete. Thank god he'd signed a donor card.
Who are worse than Hitler, Stalin and Mao combined? The mods of this subreddit.
A man walks into a library and asks for a book on tides. The librarian says, ""I'm sorry sir, that's just gone out.""
I like my women like I like my whiskey... 12 years old and mixed up with coke.
The other day, a wizard offered to turn me into a cat. The suggestion gave me pause.
Breathing heavily, she asked me what I can give her. Me: ""I'll give you a hint, it starts with a D"" Her: ""Oh yess, I can't wait!"" Me: ""That's right, get ready for some disappointment!""
How does the pope refer to his secret superhero identity? It's his altar ego.
Q: What do you get if you cross the atlantic with the titanic? A: About halfway.
How did ""El Chapo"" escape prison? Joaquin.
WIFE: you need a haircut ME: I do not WIFE: *whistles and a little bird pops up on top of my head, chirping* ME: shhhh, she just had babies
Today I realised I really want to tie the knot with the missus. Anyone know where I can find instructions for noose tying?
Me: who's a good dog? who's a good dog? Dog: i have a boyfriend
You want to know who never gets checked for their ID? HumIDity.
Most people have X's. I have a bunch of Y's and WTF's
You know what they say about Arlington National Cemetery... People are dying to get in there.
I've stopped texting ""K"" and started texting ""L"" instead so I don't have to reach so far over with my thumb.
DATING TIP: Any time someone is hot and you're too scared to approach them, remind yourself that they've probably had diarrhea at some point
What does ""Maginot"" mean? Welcome
I like to skip when I'm carrying my flamethrower cause no one ever suspects a skipping girl of starting fires.
When is a dog not a dog? When it is pure bread. Told to me by a friend.
Thanks for wiping down my table... a damp surface that smells like a dirty sweat sock is so much better than a few crumbs.
Why do girls have nipples? Because without them tits would be pointless.
Here's a knock knock joke about the guy with no arms
what is a short, yet a long password? 1 to 8
No need to worry if your parachute don't unfold... ... You'll have the rest of your life to fix it.
Oscar If you're Leonardo, you must have got it by now.
What's the difference between Jared Fogle's divorce and other divorces? Most married couples tried to stay together FOR the kids. Not divorce because of them.
What's the hardest part to eat of a vegetable? The wheelchair
Whats a black persons favorite dance move the whip
Where does a pirate keep his gold? In his treas-arrrr chest!
What sits at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A drowning epileptic.
We should've known about the failure of communism In retrospect, there were a lot of red flags...
The secret to juggling chainsaws is making sure people don't see your lips move when you make the chainsaw sounds.
What do you call a greedy lesbian? Bush hog.
Why was the wife worried that her husband was a light drinker? Every night, he'd go out and drink until it was light.
I might not be smarter than a 5th grader, but I can buy beer.
Today I set my location on Tinder to Flint, Michigan Because I bet those girls are pretty thirsty.
Did you hear about the antennas that got married? The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
What do you call an Arab flying a plane? A pilot you racist
One social worker asks another ""What time is it?"" The second replies, ""I don't know, I'm not wearing a watch."" The first says, ""That's OK, the important thing is we talked about it.""
*finally detangles ear buds *plane lands
The cutest thing my SO does... Her handwriting looks like she has Parkinson's
Getting a snowstorm today. They said it would start around noon, it's now 12:02, so already the meteorologists were wrong.
When the end of the world comes, I want to be in Kentucky. They're always 20 years behind everything. Mark Twain
I'll tell you a gay joke, butt fuck it. (yeah yeah the joke is old, so am I)
I was told that hardcore Christians don't think anal counts as losing your virginity so that's why pastors get off scot free
What's the difference between a fruit and a nut? I don't fruit all over your mother's tits.
Why couldn't Stevie Wonder see his friends? Because he was married.
When someone tells me, ""Great question."" I never hear their answer because I'm busy congratulating myself for asking such a great question.
When my wife asks me to do that one thing in the bedroom that she really likes, she's talking about vacuuming.
How does a detective stay cool in hot summer? He works on a cold case.
I bought some shoes off a drug dealer But I don't know what he laced them with because I've been tripping all day...
I got a new job growing weed. It's the Kush-iest job I've ever had.
I never thought that eating a bowl of Alphabet Soup could help me overcome constipation. But here I am, in the loo, having a massive vowel movement.
Why is Mexico's flag green, white, and red? Guacamole, sour cream, and salsa.
Success... Is like being pregnant. Everyone congratulates you, but no one knows how many times you got fucked.
Me: Feel free to name your next kid after me. Coworker: Why would I name my kid ""Giant Douchebag?""
My wife said she'll leave me if I don't overcome my poker addiction but I think she's bluffing
I eat my pop tarts frozen like the vikings used to have them.
My physics teacher told me I had a lot of potential... Then he pushed me off the roof
If you are thinking of having an affair, just remember the head of the CIA couldn't even get away
I'm at the doctor's office & they don't know why I have this rash on my balls. Guess I'll wait for the Dr, these other patients are clueless.
HOT SINGLES IN YOUR AREA ARE RAISING A CAT ARMY.
A blonde and a brunette are on opposite sides of a river... The brunette yells across, ""Help me get to the other side of the river!"" The blonde yells back, ""You *are* on the other side of the river!""
Why did a Stripper run for mayor? Because she did great on the pole
Playboy has started a new edition for married men with the same women featuring every month.
Care less and you'll stress less.
The cashier told me to have a good New Year like my purchase of oven cleaner and frozen pizza suggests anything else.
I got a tattoo on my penis that just says ""OK"" But when I see your sister it says ""OKLAHOMA STATE UNIVERSITY""
what did the doe say when she came out of the woods? I'm never doing THAT for two bucks again.
What do you get when you divide the circumference of a Jack o' Lantern by its diameter? Pumpkin Pi
My autobiography will be a single piece of paper that says 'Ugh'
Jesus take the wheel ~ Mexicans stripping a car
A crowd started gathering around the car accident with the bagpiper... Twas so unfortunate he was kilt.
What do you call a group of babies? an Infantry
Knock knock. Who's there? It's Amy. Amy who? It's amy, MARIO!
How do you know your house had chicken pox? It has shingles.
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist? Pokemon!
What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breath out of that tiny thing?
Q: Why was the blood donation unsuccessful? A: Because it was all in vein.
I love the queen in chess... I always mate with her.
I've concluded English is my phone's second language. It's the only explanation for all the bizarre autocorrects and typos that plague me.
I had a bad dream about pizza sauce. It was a real nightmarinara.
[interrogation] What were u doing last nite? I was killin my neighbour, Bert. Louder for the tape? [leans in] Fillin in paperwork. Busy guy.
What's the worst thing you can call a black person?.. Hint: starts with an N and ends with an R Neighbor
What do you call a slave snickers bar Sniggers
My colleague was being a real asshole the other day. We had a costume contest and he definitely won the prize for ""Most Obscene.""
What do you mean mom, how could my birth certificate be expired?
Everything happens for a reason, but sometimes the reason is you are stupid and make bad descisions...
I like my women like I like my cigarettes, slowly killing me in packs of 20 or more
How is Ducktape like the Force? It has a Dark Side, a Light side and it binds everything the galaxy together. Edit:Duct Tape I know, I was tired
In hell the Mariachi band never leaves your table.
When I'm feeling bold in the kitchen, sometimes I'll change up a recipe by forgetting to put in a key ingredient
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, ""Gimme a beer and a mop.""
A frog goes to his doctor, the doctor says ""I'm afraid you're going to croak very soon."" the frog enjoys the joke and makes peace with death
Summer is here I'm at home and thinking: Should I go outside and look at those I can't fuck, or should I stay here and fuck the one I can't even look at?
What are the two sexiest barn yard animals? Brown-chicken-brown-cow
I got arrested for being drunk and disorderly, but I was just laughing hysterically at the cost of organic vegetables.
I just got a part in the movie Cocaine It only has one line.
I don't believe ppl who ""don't masturbate cuz it's not the real thing."" When I run out of Frosted Flakes, I put sugar on my Corn Flakes.
My packing technique for jams is amazingly effective
A new type of broom has just been released, It is sweeping the nation.
What is black and eats pussy? cervical cancer
Knock Knock Who's there ! Alfred ! Alfred who ! Alfred of the dark !
""My god, it's the zombie apocalypse. Everyone grab the most critical items and get ready to run"" *me holding a Shrek 2 DVD* Way ahead of you
Saw HBO were going to be making a new TV show set in an airport... They had to cancel it though as the pilot didn't take off.
There is a Hispanic train conductor going around committing horrible crimes.. No one knows why, but it's clear he has a loco motive.
Why did the Zombie baseball pitcher retire? He threw his arm out.
If there's two things I've learned in life It's that I'm awful at counting.
Overheard in the jewelry shop: ""I swallowed for this??""
My wife has so many shoes the bedroom looks like the outside of a mosque.
I hope my car appreciates the wincing when I hit a large pothole.
My brother just asked me what 'FAP' meant... Shit! Now I am starting to regret leaving comments on his missus facebook pics.
You guys hear that Bono fell off the stage at the big U2 concert last night? He got a little too close to the edge.
Why are Jewish men circumcised? Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off.
What were ACDC called when they were kids? ABCD
Everyone has a best friend who's mom they've wanted to fuck I like to think of my older brother as my best friend
My Girlfriend wanted a cat. I didn't want a cat. So we compromised and we got a cat...
[meeting her parents] GF (whispering): Please don't make a scene ME (angry-whispering): You told me there'd be cheese
What do you call a Nazi cetacean? Adolfin.
I want to create a Facebook event called ""Shut The Hell Up"" and invite everybody.
What does the British monarchy and yeast have in common? They're both inbred.
brace yourselves, the orthodontist just died
I believe we should all pay our taxes with a smile I tried, but they wanted cash
You wanna know how I hold my liquor? By the ears :p
I think my entire family is racist.. I was dating a white woman and eventually brought her to my home to meet my family. My wife and kids never even wanted to speak to her.
I feel bad for women who say finding true love is the best experience in life. They've obviously never found their bra size on clearance.
Life is like a silent fart Pfft.
Donald Trump's dick is so shriveled and emaciated,... Obama called in drone strikes on it.
If I were gonna give advice about how to survive leaving your phone at home, it would be this: stare at something else. I chose a weird baby
This woman at the bar said ""move, you're blocking the door"" & I'm like strange pickup line but sure here's my number.
What is Josh Duggars favorite thing about 19 year olds? There's 19 of them
Did you hear about WHO's new report about processed foods causing cancer? Who?
So I've got this friend Dan. But when Dan gets mad, he seems kinda girly. Because when Dan gets mad, *Danielle*.
What do you say when your neighbor's 5 year old goes missing? Nothing.
Me: [stands under majestic tree watching leaves fall] This is beautiful [2 hours later buried under a mountain of leaves] you piece of shit
My roommate called the suicide hotline and they put him on hold They just left him hangin'
If you are getting a prostate exam... You're getting ANALysed!!!
What happened when the blue ship crashed into the red ship? The crews got marooned
What do you call a recovering alcoholic? A ginspiration.
""I'm not good at goodbyes."" I am. See ya.
Did you hear about the Million Dollar Dutch Lottery? It's great! If you win, you gat a dollar each year... for a million years.
I hate when people judge me because I have tattoos I will only date people with tattoos
How was copper wire invented? Two Armenians were fighting over a Penny.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a plane crash. Who survives? America.
Hell is probably just thousands of tourists trying to take pictures of you walking a cat.
hello 911 ""whats your emergency"" there's someone in my home ""are you safe?"" it's a girl ""do you like her"" *starts twirling hair* I dont know
What is the difference between a G spot and a golf ball A guy will actually search for a golf ball
ME: woud u be open to adoption? HUSBAND: yes [later, at the adoption agency] ME: yes hi, i'd like to put my husband up for adoption
How do you trap an elephant?! You first dig a hole, second, you fill the hole with ashes, also throw some peas in there. When the elephant stops to take a pea, you kick it in the ash hole.
How do you know your daughter's a slut? Because you never kiss her goodnight.
What did Goldberg say when he boarded the wrong train? ""Auschittz.""
Why was Anakin Skywalker king of the pub crawl? Because he killed all the Yuenglings.
My kid just told me all she wants for Christmas is a bell so she can ""make lots of money like the man outside walmart.""
[creating humans] GOD: Make them imperfect... ANGEL: Okay...done... GOD: Now make them apologize to Me all the time for being imperfect.
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it. I'm serious! That Israeli how he does it!
You can tell a lot about a person by what they're willing to do during conjugal visits.
Two Goldfish are in a tank and one says to the other, you drive, I'll fire the gun
How was 9/11 an inside job? If the planes came from the outside.
Worst. Cruise. Ever. - Katie Holmes
[Request] Girls names and bike parts puns I can only think of IsaBELL anyone have any good ones? (Sorry if requests aren't allowed in this subreddit just delete if necessary!)
What do you call a Russian with three nipples? Whodyanikanipplov
What do you call a Chinese guy when he's laughing? Lmao
Thanks for declaring on Facebook that you've found ""true love."" I look forward to watching it implode in real time.
I saw this cute homeless girl on the street.. ..so I asked her if I could take her home. She smiled and said ""sure"", boy the look on her face when I walked off with her cardboard box...
I broke my arm playing golf today...
Did you hear about the guy who eating crackers in bed? He felt crumby the next day.
The doctors tell me I have Alzheimer's, cancer and hepatitis. It could be worse. I could have Alzheimer's.
LIFE LESSON: Never do anything which you don't want to explain to the Paramedics.
What did the lonely ghost do at 2 in the morning? He made a booo-ty call
How many tickles does it take to effectively tickle an octopus? Tentacles.
[ phone call ] Wife: You want the white 7"" or the black 9"". Me: The black 9"". ..and if she wasn't tablet shopping this would be awkward.
How do you turn German beer into American Beer? Drink it
My favourite Celine Dion song is the one where it's muted all the way through.
FUN GAME: when someone tells you the name of their new baby, repeat it back to them, with their surname, and say ""Like the murderer?!""
I've had a rough morning. I woke up and tripped over my wife's bra
What's brown and sticky? My poop.
What's the best thing to come out of a penis? The wrinkles. (Told to me by my mother)
I stole a futon from a shop. I think the police are after me, so I have been lying low.
I don't think people should throw stones in regular houses either.
I USED VOLUMIZING SHAMPOO TODAY AND NOW I CAN'T STOP SHOUTING!
Why do melons always have well planned weddings ? They can'telope !
Why do cows wear bells around their necks? Because their horns don't work.
Unlike Eric Garner... I live for out of state cigarettes.
A list of my favorite sex jokes. I don't have any...
Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice! Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Got a buddy who's half Cuban and half Mexican. Came to the U.S. on a raft powered by a weed whacker.
Could eating a lot of spaghetti make me a better dad? I suppose it's pastable.
Common sense: Walk away. Me: No.
So the test results are in. It's bad news guys, the doctor says I'm colour blind. Ill be honest with you, that diagnosis came totally out of the pink.
Two jokes... Why did the chicken cross the road? -To get to your house. ***************** *Knock Knock* ""Who's there?"" The chicken.
A little boy says, Dad, I've heard that in some parts of Africa a man doesn't know his wife until he marries her. ' Son,' says the dad. That happens everywhere.'
Why should you torrent only from French sites? Because it'll run faster.
A man telephoned an airline office in New York and asked ""How long does it take to fly to Boston?"" The clerk said ""Just a minute..."" ""Thank you"" the man said and hung up.
What happened when the lawyer took a Viagra? He got taller.
A pirate walks into a bar And the bartender says, ""hey, you know you have a steering wheel hanging from your zipper?"". The pirate replies"arrr, I know, it's driving me nuts"".
Why shouldn't you change around a Pokemon? Because he might peek at chu.
What did the one explorer say to the other when they arrived in Northern Canada? Eh, you take this one. I don't want Nunavut. PS: I realize it's a double negative.
What to do if you run over a black man in the rain? Well, you have an hour before the rain dries...
Tried Turkish food today... It was revolting
It was so difficult giving Dracula fellatio! I guess I went down for the count.
When I bring you breakfast in bed, why can't you just say ""thank you""? ...instead of all this ""how did you get in to my house?"" calling 9-11 business.
I could be wearing a onesie right now, you don't know.
I'm tired of people calling America the dumbest country in the world Quite frankly, I think Europe is!
What do the Texas Rangers &amp
What's the difference between a nicely dressed man on a unicycle, and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? A tire
Why did Ellen Pao cross the road? [deleted]
Two dissectors are talking... The first one says, ""I dissected a women yesterday, who had a clitoris like a pickle"". ""Wow, that big !?"", the second one replies. ""No, that salty"".
Him: Going to Taco Bell, want anything? Me: I'm just thirsty Him: What do you want? Me: Six tacos and a burrito
The Flash jacks off Welp, guess i jacked this one off too!
According to WebMC, I be illin'.
I party like a Rockstar. A very poor Rockstar who isn't in a band anymore and starts yawning by 9pm and just wants to be home drinking tea.
What did the depressed, illiterate pepperoni slice say when asked where he was with his life? Well it pizza heck out of me.
""Hi yes I'd like to attempt the Cheeseburger challenge"" ""Very good sir"" [ripped as hell cheeseburger runs out of the kitchen & bodyslams me]
Two deer walk out of a bar... One deer says to the other, ""man I can't believe I blew 30 bucks in there
Hard to tell if the walmart cashier was mad about me having more than 20 items, or if he just hated his life.
TIL that Kim Kardashian's giant ass has it's own birth certificate, and even has a legal name: Kanye.
Why was the French chef sent to prison? He was convicted of crepe.
Did you know the moon was made of cheese? Thats why NASA sent up a bunch of crackers.
TIL Ethiopian warriors conquered part of Central Europe in the 1300s That's why they call it Hungary.
If puns were people, where do all the bad ones go after they die? www.reddit.com/r/jokes/new
Whats a printer's favorite sandwich? A paper jam sandwhich
I stay awake at night wondering... I stay awake at night wondering if hooked on phonics has a hotline for addicts.
I got in a car accident with a guy with a premature ejaculation problem I swear he came out of no where
""Fig Newtons: they're like a funeral in your mouth!""
Do you want to be the greatest superhero of all? Be Alfredo and take out the damn trash. Just told my son this, he hates me now.
iknowlimit: Ultimate Avengers 2 - Rise of the Panth http://iknowlimit.blogspot.in/2012/06/ultimates-avengers-2-rise-of-panther-or.html THIS IS ABOUT MOVIE AVENGERS
What does the H stand for in Jesus H Christ? [Lame Joke] Haploid
Mickey Mouse just got shot at Disney World for being black.
I was going to be a banker... But I lost interest
How was Rome split in half? With a pair of Caesars...
5/6 people agree... ...that Russian Roulette is a great way to gamble.
Why did Tiger Woods stop designing golf courses? He couldn't keep it down to 18 holes.
Twitter - We built this city on block and troll......
1 in 2 in 3 in 4 in 5 doctors are babushka dolls.
it's cool how the members of Anonymous are so good at computer stuff, but also wrote so many great poems and inspirational quotations.
Peanut Butter So I was balls deep in peanut butter, and I thought to myself, ""Peanut Butter's a weird name for a dog, isn't it?""
What's the definition of eternity? Four blondes waiting at a four way stop.
I'm walking on sunshine, AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH and I'm startin' to feel AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH THIS IS TERRIBLE
Two midgets are sitting around, bored... When one of them pulls out some weed and asks: ""Wanna get medium?""
Back off, doc. I'll close this wound. Suture self.
You know what they say about poorly produced pornography... You never see it coming.
Just watched the uncut version of Scarface. Face
I had some food stuck in my teeth and now I'm an international beatboxing champion.
The ""PB&HJ
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay.. they'd be bagels!
The time traveler was still hungry after his last bite So he went back four seconds.
Why was Putin late for dinner with Obama? Because he got Snowden.
A priest, a paedophile, and a rapist walk into a bar. And that's just the first guy.
What's the difference between an 18 year-old girl and a washing machine? When you dump a load in the washer, it will not follow you around for two months.
What do you call a clever pig? Cunningham
What element can you find in almost any shoe store? Heelium! I'll see myself out now...
An 8 yr old boy was screaming at the grocery store because his mom wouldn't buy him a Mars bar. So I bought one and ate it in front of him.
My girlfriend's dad wouldn't let us sleep together which is a shame because he's very attractive
It must have been something to watch MC Escher's kids run down the stairs on Christmas morning for all eternity.
What is a vampire's favourite soup ? Scream of mushroom !
My girlfriend and I are in sync! Like the band. Or soap.
I have a step ladder. I just wish I knew who my real ladder was.
If god didn't like sex, He wouldn't make us scream His name when it's really hot.
Why is one floor taller than the rest of the floors in the building? It's a long story.
I have a great joke Newcastle United
My friend told me I don't understand irony.. ...Which is ironic because we were playing checkers.
Why can't Chihuahuas run marathons? They're short of breath!
This whole time I thought 50 Shades of Grey was a coloring book for dogs
I like all my women to be Just the same as my morning coffee, I.e. liquid and hot, Often drunk on a yacht And usually bought for a fee.
Which came first: the chicken or the egg? Trick question
A German entrepreneur is opening up a new furniture department store. Word is, its going to be called Kikea.
My daughter asked me to help her find a job because she's learned enough in school. She's 5.
What is Bruce Lee's Favourite Drink? WOTAHHHHHH
I had a girlfriend with a parakeet. We had to break up cause it would never shut up. But the bird was cool.
Can you tell me why the Irish only put 239 beans in their chili? well me boy, one more would be ""twofarty"".
I really dislike the ""N"" word... I don't even like saying vinegar.
Hi. This is my first time at yoga. When I called they said to bring a Matt. *points at man standing next to her* Now what do we do with him?
Snake walks into a bar... Bartender says ""How'd you do that?""
Her: I like risk takers Me:[goes to the McDonalds Drive Thru and places a complicated order. Grabs the bag and drives off w/o checking it]
A blind man walks into a bar... ...and a chair...and a table.
did you hear about the time they strapped a Timex watch on an old, flea-bitten dog to see what would happen? The watch kept ticking, the ticks kept watching.
I could never marry a tennis line judge... They always point out your faults.
Just changed my Facebook name to No one' So when I see stupid posts I can click like and it will say No one likes this'.
I hope I dont die on 9/11. ""He died on 9/11? His sacrifice wont be forgotten."" ""No, 9/11/27. He was checking favs in the shower and fell.""
I painted my computer black to make it run faster. Plugged it in and high voltage sho(r)t it.
There's no easy way to steal a watermelon.
You can eat a clock But it is very time consuming
Did you hear about the Chinese brother's that tried to start a German Empire? Turns out two Wongs don't make a Reich.
You know you screwed up with your blind girlfriend when she says ""We should see other people"".
Excuse me, miss, you've got a little bit of face on your makeup there.
Confucius say...Man who fall in sewer trough, in deep shit.
Daughter has amputated three dolls in the span of twelve hours. Really hoping our dog is smart enough to stay away from her.
Q: How do you catch a rabbit? A: Hide in a meadow and make carrot noises.
Food is like Dark Humor Not everyone gets it!
I decided to put some ketchup in my eyes... ...but in Heinzsight, it wasn't a good idea.
Teacher : Give me a sentence with the words defence defeat and detail in it. Pupil : When a horse jumps over defence defeat go before detail !
How many Reddit mods does it take to change a lightbulb? [removed]
[Bad joke] How does a Marine like his eggs? Semper-fried! (Bring on the booings and the beatings)
I punched Dwayne Johnson in the butt... I guess I hit rock bottom **ba-dum-tss**
Why did the baseball player fail at the math test? He used base 3.